{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 white men\'92s thought on drug addiction:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- One less idiot in Maine. Works for me.\
- What they need to do is secure a large apartment building and let the junkies use it. Send in the ME once a week to clean out the bodies. This way they are off the streets doing this and if they die who gives a crap. These junkies have no respect for people.\
- Darwinism at its finest\
- So. Darwinism\
- 100% of the responsibility here is on the addicts themselves! Those who want to use, will use. Those who want to stop will stop!\
- If someone commits a crime, and gets caught, lets stop treating them with kids gloves and lock them up. They are not victims, they choose to stick a needle in their arm and do drugs. By making that choice, they choose the punishment.\
- If addiction is a disease, it's a self inflicted one!\
- have you ever tried to stop someone from becoming an addict? I have, many times! The response is ALWAYS the same......"Who are you to tell me what to do? It's my life and I'll live it how I want. Just mind your own business!!!" Or something along that line.\
My response is simple......"Okay, just remember that when you are face down in a ditch drowning in your own vomit, because I will be the one stepping over you minding my own business!" I have ZERO tolerance or sympathy for addicts! They got themselves on the drugs, they can get themselves off them!\
- If you want to put a stop to the heroin epidemic all you have to do is let them die. No more junkies = no more epidemic!\
- They made their choice the first time the stuck that needle in their arm. True or false? So it was a choice. Now they suffer the consequences . you can't help someone that does not want to help themselves\
- Let them die\
- Wow your something else when tax payers ever pay for my HIGH, I don't think theyever have, or not place to live or anything thing else that I can recall for that matter\
- Here we go oh the poor addicts\
- I'm addicted to robbing banks...\
Don't arrest me.. it's not my fault\
- I don't feel bad at all. It's simple, don't be an idiot. Don't feel sorry for people who make poor decisions.\
- If they would arrest the drug dealers, and change the laws that would keep them for 5 yrs. first offense, straight up ! Maine just slaps them on the wrist, and out the next day !!!! Read what China , yes China did yrs. ago, the whole country was wasted, they shot the drug dealers, put the users in for five yrs. straight up no treatment, cold turkey, let them out and if they went back to the drug, they shot them to. As nuts as China is, you better not bring drugs into their country ! Drug dealers would have to think about that, sell get caught , get shot ! That was the only way could clean up their entire country. Read up !\
- Let 'em go.....no sympathy, they'll just do it again, waste more money, just a vicious cycle.}