{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20500\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 if ever you\'92ve been to the shore of the babbling brook down Devine ravine you know the better way to talk to the naked men and women there. not so much a private society as an intellectually removed one - a crew of, say, twenty, purposefully - Meaningfully - separated from Devine proper, more ignored than known, and certainly not unknown. they\'92re not private. they\'92ll engage with you if you arrive without wielding a goddamned camera, or bringing your bald-eyed date, or tripping in and dawdling around drunk and improper. all they ask is for speech under 20 dB, enunciated clearly, lightly rubbed on the edges, and delivered without declaratives. everything is a question, is what they\'92ll say. everything.\
\
in Devine there\'92s the factory. powered by the river water estuaried by the naked babbling brook. what the factory produces is air fresheners. the signature smell is lemon and lilac and sells for $3.99. the freshener sits on rows of shelves in grocery stores across the country and is only produced in Devine. but what the naked brook people see that no other Deviner sees is that the chemicals used to produce the lemon and lilac small are derived straight from the smear of the sewer. with the reason being that the people in Devine have a unique appetite of mostly cap\'92n crunch. that is, most families eat the cap\'92n for at least two meals a day, and it\'92s served almost exclusively in every school cafeteria. the reason being that the cap\'92n crunch factory is also located in Devine.\
\
it\'92s not that there aren\'92t other cap\'92n crunch factories throughout the country, but the reason why the presence in Devine is so - - penetrating - is that Devine really doesn\'92t have much else to offer. it\'92s located on the edge of the arctic circle and sits on some ex-permafrost that hasn\'92t gotten around to producing much by way of food just yet. and it\'92s not that Devine couldn\'92t have food imported from wherever - it does, in fact, to some small extent - it\'92s just that the cost of importing this food is so high that most families don\'92t make much money. the jobs are pretty limited between the air freshener factory and the cap\'92n crunch factory.\
\
and it\'92s for this reason that the naked people of the babbling brook, officially unincorporated, find themselves in a position of necessary opposition. realizing the exploitative nature of the Lie Lemon Lac Air Freshener company on the shit of the citizenry, they\'92ve seen through the bullshit and know that it\'92s really *their bodies* - not the factory - that produces the continentally beloved scent. so they camp in their caves by the brook and shovel their shit into a communal stink site - a pile of excrement so powerfully wafty that all the air in a mile radius hangs with it. the ceo\'92s office, which happens to be within that radius, is specially outfitted with a specially designed, one-of-a-kind air filter that kicks the stench down to an almost imperceptible tickle on the tip of his sweaty tongue.\
\
Lie Lemon Lac would love to go out and grab this pile of, essentially, money. the people of the brook have been out there for three generations, sneaking the soggy cap\'92n crunch dregs from the nearby landfill for sustenance. the poo pile (ok, really, that\'92s what everyone calls it), remains safe because the brook marks the border between Devine and the internationally-owned arctic. it\'92d be cause for warfare if an American company asserted itself across this border - the shit\'92s nonbelonging applies not just to the U.S. but indeed every country in the entire world. so the people, and their poo, remain safe.\
\
but what happens every election cycle is some conservative politician makes a big fuss about how unAmerican and greedy these scoundrels are. how these selfish pigs grow old on the fruits of the land, of the soggy cap\'92n crunch, and how grateful they should be that the United States of America hasn\'92t paid a friendly military-style visit to their little encampment, as the United States of America is certainly capable of doing. here\'92s the U.S. of America, assisting the millions of families in the flooded homes of Beantown, the Big Apple, and the Big Easy. how america has graciously benefacted the property owners of newly subaquatic housing by entitling them to huge luxurious expanses of land out west. how across the country, Dry people - ordinary U.S. Americans - have opened their own doors to let some poor family stay in the guest bedroom for one, two, or more nights. how all of this has been done regardless of the color of the family\'92s skin, religious preference, sexual orientation, or hair color. how all of this rising sea levels business has really brought the U.S. of America together - really has - despite the overbearing and repeated warnings that Climate Change was going to be all bad. on the contrary, Climate Change has made the U.S. and indeed the entire world a BETTER place. a more UNDERSTANDING place. how we live now in a world of empathy. how people now are just generally not feeling certain negative emotions anymore - emotions of GREED and MALICE. how this really is the best time to be alive, to be a human, ever.\
\
and all this and more, and still the people of the babbling brook refuse to dress themselves and shovel their selfishly collected poo across the border. the smell of which would benefit the lives of untold MILLIONS of displaced families. families whose father was lost in some great tidal wave, trying to recover his kid\'92s teddy bear from the basement of their suburban home. families whose mother is so desperately depressed she won\'92t leave the bed for days at a time. orphaned children. orphaned babies. kids whose father died diving into the basement of their suburban home to try to recover the family\'92s heirloom shotgun. all of whom would benefit from - no - who DEPEND UPON - the joy of a lemon lilac smelling room. these naked babblers - these orphan haters - they deserved to live a life of agonizing unending torture.\
\
what happens when you talk to the babbling brook people directly, though, is that they give you a different side to the story. because what they\'92ve done is created a tiny society that is open to anyone. if you want to cross the border and live in the arctic you\'92re more than welcome to do so. all that\'92s asked of you is that you contribute your shit to the poo pile and that you commit to scavenging for your own soggy cap\'92n crunch. in fact, the people open their arms and welcome -even encourage - orphans to join their society, because as bad as the orphans have it, as much as they struggle, the life on the other side of the brook really isn\'92t much easier.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}