{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh11380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 the men at tim horton\'92s are dressed in white jumpsuits, uncannily hazmat-like, and i\'92m wondering whose idea the clothing was. they\'92re smoking cigarettes, facing the dead suburban street, behaving far too loudly for minimum wage workers on the overnight.\
\
inside is my friend jason who\'92s standing behind the counter and talking to a girl who i think is his girlfriend. jason\'92s actually more like someone i know than a true friend - someone who, when we\'92re in the same room, we\'92ll talk endlessly and laugh, but who we haven\'92t ever actually made plans outside of school before. maybe because we\'92ve settled into our circles and we\'92re about to graduate. either way, he\'92s tall and skinny and i can never tell when he\'92s being serious.\
\
he\'92s making coffee and complaining because the machine is misbehaving in some way. complaining with a defeatist inflection that indicates that this is an ongoing issue. but he\'92s pumped to see us. he calls us \'91boys\'92 and says what are we up to tonight?\
\
he\'92s playing slipknot over the speakers. the place is empty except for him and his girlfriend and another group of teens who i don\'92t recognize, which always weirds me out living in a town with only one high school. where are these other teens coming from? and why are they coming here?\
\
paul, with giveaway coolness, reveals some discount beverage cards and asks if we could get some coffees. jason holds the cards up to the light, flipping them over his ringed fingers and flicking them with only slightly neglected nails. \'91everything seems to be in order, paul. what can i do you for?\'92\
\
paul\'92s like, \'91actually, i could really go for some ice cream.\'92 eyeing the coldstone counter. jason flexes his biceps.\
\
earlier in the evening we were biking down this long stretch with no street lights. there\'92s no moon tonight so when you\'92re on an unlit street you just kind of squint forwards, try to stay as straight as possible, and do your best to ignore the emotional parts of your breathing when the conversation dies down.\
\
it was on this street that we got stopped by the cops, who wanted to know what kind of business we were up to biking around this late at night. it\'92s like 2am, so these aren\'92t actually \'93real\'94 cops - they\'92re volunteers, and they\'92re driving something resembling a minivan, and they have no faces. they say there\'92ve been reports of vandalism in the area, and we ask where, and they name a bullshit street, and we say we\'92ll keep our eyes out.\
\
it\'92s bullshit. \'91total bullshit\'92 - we volley the phrase around now that they\'92re gone and our bravado and adrenaline have been restored. we turn around before reaching portland and head to timmy ho ho\'92s, which is the only 24-hour business in town, and which is located right by the highway.\
\
stephen splits unexpectedly as we turn into the parking lot, saying he\'92s got to run home for something quick, but that he\'92ll be back in like an hour. he\'92s gone so suddenly and with such little fanfare that the question of why he\'92s got to go never registers. \
\
we\'92re all eating donuts and ice cream now. jason, i think, has the same bowl cut now that he had in first grade. paul jabs his spoon into joe\'92s ice cream and pulls out a larger chunk than any of us are expecting. \'91paul!\'92 joe says shortly and with defeated annoyance, literally throwing up his hands. \'91what?\'92 smirks paul, making a joke that gets no response from anyone. jason has sunglasses clipped over his collar. paul drops the ice cream onto his lap. he\'92d been sensually licking it and making jokes about joe\'92s mother. he shouts, \'91god bless it! these are brand new shorts. joe, you kicked me!\'92 \
\'91what. paul, i didn\'92t kick you.\'92 \
\'91yes you did. look, i think i have a bruise on my freaking shin\'92\
\'91paul you already had that bruise. i was with you when you got it\'92\
\
i\'92m riding shotgun in jason\'92s car, his shift ended. my bike\'92s in the back seat, a luxury that is only possible because paul and joe have called it a night and split. we\'92re listening to classical music, which jason says he\'92s been listening to a lot of lately. the signal is weak and cuts out regularly, but jason has it up loud. it\'92s as if he thinks you can hear the music through the static if you listen hard enough. \
\'91you see this spot right here? this is where the cop pulled me over last night. i was freaking out so much because i had just finished smoking a bowl and the car stank so much.\'92\
he pauses to take a hit\
\'91and i was so high. i mean like, so, so high. i think i had been thinking about how chairs were made. but so he pulls me over and i\'92ve got the windows down and the fans blasting and i\'92m literally blowing air out of the car. and he asks me what i\'92m doing driving around so slowly and so late at night. oh is it cashed?\'92\
he takes the bowl and lets it whistle out the window.\
\'91you can pack another one. anyways, so he\'92s asking me what i\'92m up to and i tell him i\'92m on my way to work. and he says it\'92s awfully late to be going to work and asks where i work.\'92\
\'91you must have been shaking\'92 i say\
\'92no- that was the crazy part. i was so high i was like the opposite of paranoid. totally calm, totally cool, totally\'85 collected. i almost said corrected. but so i told him i work at tim horton\'92s and he says, i shit you not, he says - um, he says \'93it must be hard to be around all those donuts when you have the munchies\'94 or something like that\'92\
\'91shit. so what happened?\'92\
\'91well that\'92s what\'92s crazy. he let me go. actually, ha, he told me to look alive.\'92\
\
no one\'92s home when we get to jason\'92s house and it\'92s pretty apparent that his parents have been gone for a couple nights. there\'92s been at least one significant party and a lot of hanging out. beer cans and liquor bottles on most flat surfaces, furniture slightly askew, a gravity bong in the sink.\
\
stephen arrives soon after us, wielding a 48oz red gatorade. jason tells a story about how one of his friends purposely impaled his eyelid with a sewing pin after losing a dare. with someone like jason, at some point you have to wonder if his life really is filled with all these awesome stories, or if he\'92s just really good at telling them. i\'92m not convinced either way.\
\
stephen plops down in a chair and says nothing. he pulls out his phone every once in a while, sniffs, and accepts a hit from the g-bong when we hand it to him, but otherwise he might as well not be there. jason puts bagel bites in the toaster oven and opens a box of pop-tarts, offering us some.\
\
then, from nowhere, he pulls out a fully lit lightsaber. \'92i got these last weekend for when we took acid,\'92 he says, then swinging it around and making the \'91vroom\'85 vroom-vroom\'92 sound that proximal fluorescents make\
\
i look at stephen, who\'92s slouched back in his chair and staring blankly at nothing. his gatorade is uncapped and his jaw\'92s jutting out and you can see the tips of his top-row teeth. what\'92s he thinking? is he thinking anything at all?\
\
\
\
\
}