{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 charles bukowski :::\
December 8th 1986\
Hello John:\
Thanks for the good letter. I don\'92t think it hurts, sometimes, to remember where you came from. You know the places where I came from. Even the people who try to write about that or make films about it, they don\'92t get it right. They call it \'939 to 5.\'94 It\'92s never 9 to 5, there\'92s no free lunch break at those places, in fact, at many of them in order to keep your job you don\'92t take lunch. Then there\'92s OVERTIME and the books never seem to get the overtime right and if you complain about that, there\'92s another sucker to take your place.\
You know my old saying, \'93Slavery was never abolished, it was only extended to include all the colors.\'94\
And what hurts is the steadily diminishing humanity of those fighting to hold jobs they don\'92t want but fear the alternative worse. People simply empty out. They are bodies with fearful and obedient minds. The color leaves the eye. The voice becomes ugly. And the body. The hair. The fingernails. The shoes. Everything does.\
As a young man I could not believe that people could give their lives over to those conditions. As an old man, I still can\'92t believe it. What do they do it for? Sex? TV? An automobile on monthly payments? Or children? Children who are just going to do the same things that they did?\
Early on, when I was quite young and going from job to job I was foolish enough to sometimes speak to my fellow workers: \'93Hey, the boss can come in here at any moment and lay all of us off, just like that, don\'92t you realize that?\'94\
They would just look at me. I was posing something that they didn\'92t want to enter their minds.\
Now in industry, there are vast layoffs (steel mills dead, technical changes in other factors of the work place). They are layed off by the hundreds of thousands and their faces are stunned:\
\'93I put in 35 years\'85\'94\
\'93It ain\'92t right\'85\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know what to do\'85\'94\
They never pay the slaves enough so they can get free, just enough so they can stay alive and come back to work. I could see all this. Why couldn\'92t they? I figured the park bench was just as good or being a barfly was just as good. Why not get there first before they put me there? Why wait?\
I just wrote in disgust against it all, it was a relief to get the shit out of my system. And now that I\'92m here, a so-called professional writer, after giving the first 50 years away, I\'92ve found out that there are other disgusts beyond the system.\
I remember once, working as a packer in this lighting fixture company, one of the packers suddenly said: \'93I\'92ll never be free!\'94\
One of the bosses was walking by (his name was Morrie) and he let out this delicious cackle of a laugh, enjoying the fact that this fellow was trapped for life.\
So, the luck I finally had in getting out of those places, no matter how long it took, has given me a kind of joy, the jolly joy of the miracle. I now write from an old mind and an old body, long beyond the time when most men would ever think of continuing such a thing, but since I started so late I owe it to myself to continue, and when the words begin to falter and I must be helped up stairways and I can no longer tell a bluebird from a paperclip, I still feel that something in me is going to remember (no matter how far I\'92m gone) how I\'92ve come through the murder and the mess and the moil, to at least a generous way to die.\
To not to have entirely wasted one\'92s life seems to be a worthy accomplishment, if only for myself.\
your boy,\
Hank\
}