{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17620\viewh15700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 it was raining pretty hard \'91round our procession when we carried the artist\'92s body to the graveyard and gingered him down. the rain of course was military in the literal sense, which meant that the dead body was not only separated from the outside world by casket, but also by heavy leather gloves, full camo garb, hair raised on end, and hearts beating quick enough to both sustain life and get it over with a.s.a.p. i looked at the box, not feeling any way about it, except maybe a little sad because i never knew this claude and really it should have been a family member or a lover in my place. but the funeral wasn\'92t safe for civilians.\
\
there was a priest present, surrounded by soldiers, but as he was saying his prayers all i could think about was how this claude guy had had a surgically incised second anus, which is how, for the last month of his life, all his shit left his body. i couldn\'92t help thinking of what that must feel like, to be able to look down and actually see shit coming out of a hole in your stomach - or wherever the surgeon cut it, i don\'92t know. like, your body just continuing on with its regular processes, totally ambivalent to any mutilation that has transpired, except that you\'92re conscious and able to analyze what\'92s happening and compare it to how you know things are supposed to happen \'97 damn! \
\
the sky was rumbling and threatening to tear open as we walked back. we weren\'92t talking and it was making me uncomfortable. did you know he was shitting out of his stomach before he died? i said.\
\
after a pause, \'92yeah i heard that.\'92 \
\
\'91crazy.\'92\
\
\'91my cousin works at the hospital that operated on him. he said it was the first time they\'92d ever done anything like that. they had to remove his rectum. my cousin says that the surgeon held the damned thing up to the light after he took it out, showed everyone how it was black as death, pointed out all the molars, cuspids, and incisors, passed it around, then took his scalpel and stabbed the thing \'92till it stopped breathing, which took a good couple minutes. then he put the hole in his stomach.\'92\
\
\'91it\'92s so crazy i can\'92t barely think about it\'92 i said\
\
\'91it\'92s crazy. this guy used to write music about birds and trees, but now he\'92s buried with two dead anuses.\'92}