{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 in thinking about climate change\
\
my tendency is to think about how \'93we\'94 feel about this situation, but of course it\'92s ridiculous to think i could speak for 7billion+ people, or to assume that there\'92s a common sentiment across the entire population. really when i think about how people feel about climate change I\'92m basing all my assumptions on how *I* feel about it, and how I think the people around me feel about it (sometimes based on what they\'92ve told me)\
\
but the motivation behind my trying to pin down a common sentiment comes from my frustration with non-action. why aren\'92t \'93we\'94 doing anything about it? why aren\'92t \'93we\'94 angrier? why aren\'92t \'93we\'94 talking about this more? etc.\
\
it\'92s easy enough to feel this way b/c history is full of successful social movements - it\'92s probably not a stretch to say that the most revolutionary times in human history have happened during times of political unrest, when People - not governments or corporations - took a stand against injustice and demanded/created change. it looks to me, with my severely limited knowledge of history, that human populations go through cycles of stability & chaos - with the periods of stability marked by steady increases in social control. when the control becomes too great, the people rise up, tear apart these structures, and establish a new iteration of society. something like that!\
\
the exactness here doesn\'92t matter too much, I think. the point is that People are capable of demanding change, or else bringing it about, so why hasn\'92t it happened yet, in this most crucial moment, when our species is accelerating towards a great big wipeout?\
\
it\'92s easy to point to capitalism, to look at the richest companies in the world (usually oil companies) and see a system incompatible with environmental sustainability, but it wouldn\'92t surprise if, by some miracle we squeeze through, capitalism comes right along with us. capitalism certainly doesn\'92t care about the climate, so it\'92s fair to say that if left unchecked BP, Exxon, and the like would squeeze every drop of oil out of every vein in this sickly bod & light up. but capitalism isn\'92t capitalism accustomed to popular challenges? profit-taking doesn\'92t care about child labor, but People do, and so we\'92ve agreed that there are certain limits in the way in which you can make your money. why would environmental regulations be any different? fossil fuels might still be profitable today, but there\'92ll definitely come a time when their scarcity makes them less profitable than, say, light from the sun, or wind from the sky, or tides in the ocean. we\'92re just hoping that moment happens before we cook ourselves dry.\
\
either way, it\'92s undeniable that powerful groups stand to lose *a lot* if we stop accepting that co2 is an ok thing to put in our air. not just oil companies, but oil-rich countries as well, some of them only just now discovering they\'92ve been sitting on a pitchy gold mine this whole dang time (countries in africa, e.g.). also countries like canada who, thanks to dangerous new technological developments, now realize they\'92re capable of harvesting bitumen. oil\'92s huge. it\'92s what\'92s funding ISIS, it\'92s why the socially backwards saudi arabia is such a strong u.s. ally, it\'92s probably responsible for a whole bunch of conflict in the middle east - i mean, I don\'92t think any of this stuff is particularly controversial. if you have oil, you\'92re set.\
\
but renewables are everywhere! and this is probably at least a little threatening to traditional power structures.\
\
but still - why aren\'92t \'93we\'94 angrier? these countries/corporations might be some of the most influential, far reaching, insidious groups to have ever existed, but as unprecedented as their power might be, so is their mortal status. climate change, unchecked, threatens to put organizations on a timespan comparable to human lifespan. and when i say this i don\'92t just mean to count the numbers of years that they can expect to \'93live,\'94 but also the fact that they have to \'93live\'94 with the knowledge that they will certainly, at some unforeseen & unavoidable point, \'93die.\'94\
\
[i\'92m also noticing how i\'92m talking about countries & corporations as if they are themselves people, which they aren\'92t, but i think it\'92s pretty common to think of them - or at least talk about them - this way.]\
\
this is huge. kings have come and gone by the monarchy has only gotten stronger. now it\'92s looking like the monarchy will fail - if not at the hands of the People, then by its own hand. this is a huge vulnerability. why aren\'92t \'93we\'94 leveraging it? why isn\'92t this more of an inspiration? \
\
again i\'92ll make what i think is a pretty safe assumption: most people are just concerned about getting through the day. and I definitely don\'92t mean this in a negative way: most people lead difficult lives, everyone struggles, and the environmental/political impact of a single person is so small as to be meaningless. it\'92s more important to eat lunch than it is to recycle your paper napkin, without a doubt. so even if someone\'92s worried about the climate, but feels despair above all else - well that\'92s understandable. most people alive today won\'92t have their lives cut short b/c of climate change.\
\
but their kids & grandkids - maybe. what i\'92m trying to figure out is why \'93we\'94 aren\'92t more motivated to take action, even considering the things i\'92ve laid out above. these are practical obstructions, coldly mathematical & sensible in the way they seem to \'93just make sense.\'94 along those same lines, I could speculate that evolution has simply not prepared us to worry about impending disasters - maybe about *anything* impending - maybe humans are only built to consider the immediate. I could speculate that this is the nature of life itself: populations grow slowly, then quickly, then spike, then die - didn\'92t i see this in fruit fly populations as a sophomore in high school biology? was this the destiny of humans all along? I could speculate on our lack of finding intelligent life outside our solar system. if we are not alone, and if we\'92re late to the cosmic party, where is everyone? is there no way to keep intelligent life from destroying itself? on and on and on i could speculate and never arrive at any answers.\
\
has it not gotten bad enough yet? will \'93we\'94 rise up only when there\'92s not enough food to eat or water to drink? (at which point it will be much too late)\
[and it\'92s also super important to note that lots of People *are* angry and protesting - I just don\'92t think the impact has been felt yet]\
\
at this point i think i\'92ve surrendered to the reality that i will never understand \'93our\'94 inaction, \'93our\'94 lack of outrage, \'93our\'94 silence\'85 7billion+ independent thoughts buzzing around this world, all informed by different experiences & circumstances, different levels of education, different environments, different cultures. this whole soup of language just kind of jiggles above us, stretched, formed, and pulled in endless directions and apparently not in the direction of the uncontrollable outrage that *i* desire\
\
but there\'92s still plenty to think about here, and it\'92s probably best to set aside some of these questions in order to get at the deeper stuff they\'92re covering up. what does our inaction mean?\
\
it\'92s impossible for us, living in a world of humans, to imagine a world without humans, but that\'92s the trajectory we\'92re on. this fact crops up (or is danced around) so often that it doesn\'92t seem to hit as hard as it should, but when you stop to actually imagine it - to imagine what our planet would look like without us - to imagine that all of the stresses of modern life, all of our research, all of our labor, all our creativity, all our relationships, all our philosophizing - that all of it brought us to this point, where we, representing the only witnesses to our achievements, have gone extinct. the major religions of the world all try to answer the question of what happens after a person dies, but we basically know, without religion, what will happen to our planet after all People die. there\'92ll be a mass extinction as the planet warms, a great hot purge, but life will persist and things will go on as usual.\
\
religion is super important to all this, because the end of humanity is disappointingly agnostic. we\'92re waffling in taking climate action because the mystery of where consciousness goes when a person dies is at tension with where humanity goes when humanity dies. we\'92ve *seen* how humanity dies - we see it every day, whether in the passing of a grandparent, or in the death of civilians in a war zone, or in suicides \'97 i mean i clearly don\'92t need to describe all the ways in which we see people die. as mysterious as death might be, one thing is clear: when a person dies, they\'92re definitely no longer aware of their life here on earth. and so it will be if, instead of one person going, it happens to be all people going - no great mystery.\
\
which i think is interesting because the mystery of death seems to be a pretty big motivator in the way people seem to structure their lives. i mean, between the time spent gathering the resources it takes to sustain a human body, there\'92s plenty of time to marinate in the existential dread that accompanies self-awareness. i\'92ll make a big leap and say that it\'92s this dread that causes us to make *every* non-life-sustaining decision. whether those decisions are motivated by a need to distract, or a desire to \'93be good\'94 for the next life, or to come closer to answering this existential question - everything is tinged by mortality. (I think in a generally good way)\
\
but extinction doesn\'92t evoke this same reaction. \
\
today, the ruling class is funding research into life extension technology. the idea is that if you can live long enough to reach the next development in life extension, you\'92ll be able to live long enough to reach the following development in life extension (repeat until we\'92ve achieved immortality). the funding is coming from companies like google and the media reports on the tech as if it\'92s actually crazier to believe that it won\'92t happen than that it will. i don\'92t know what to believe. as a member of the People, i\'92m not privy to the information gleaned by private research.\
\
life extension technology, if it happens, brings with it a few big issues - human rights issues. the easier one to address will be access: who has a right to live eternally? this at least has an obvious answer, even if achieving it proves difficult. the more difficult issue comes from the power imbalance that must accompany an immortal class. because even if poor people win the right to never die, who wants to live in poverty forever? meanwhile rich people will be content to sit at the top, soaking up wealth, possessing unprecedented influence. \
\
all of this of course being uneducated guesses, or notions at best. in the present day though, you can at least see how palpable this desire for immortality is. the united states spends something like a third of its budget on healthcare, and a majority of that money goes toward the last decade of life (<- need to look this shit up & get actual numbers here). my eighty-five year old grandmother got heart surgery. my eighty-five year old grandfather was airlifted from the bahamas to boston so that he could get to a hospital staffed by doctors who could save him from a combination of pneumonia and flesh-eating bacteria. we regularly send our elderly to chemotherapy right up until the moment that they die. and often, it\'92s because our elderly *want* to keep living. in the words of my grandmother - \'93i\'92m not ready yet.\'94 which - that\'92s an incredible thing to be able to say! to feel like you have some amount of control over when your life terminates - and to be right about feeling that way. but we\'92ve reached that point on the backs of young researchers, people whose sharp minds are being put to task at peak intelligent & drive. what\'92s motivating them?\
\
also consider all of the occasions in which the elderly/injured person is unable to make the decision to not die. people who are in comas. people who have been so mutilated that they\'92re unable to communicate with the world around them. fetuses. in all these cases (& there are certainly more examples) you\'92ll see other people - living people - make the decisions about whether someone who is not them should live. typically the people making these decisions are family members & doctors & in the case of abortion, for some reason, the general public. even in cases where the elderly/injured person *is* able to communicate, there\'92s typically a conversation to gauge how ready the family is to \'93let go.\'94 \
\
i\'92ve read radical pieces by doctors who\'92ve seen all this happening, who\'92ve seen the intense pain that humans endure in the final years of their medically extended lives, and who have decided that, really, it\'92s better just to enjoy yourself while you\'92re healthy and then submit when nature calls. radical ideas.\
\
so of course the common thread here is the desire to avoid death. in the developed world, or at least the western world, or at least the united states, that means keeping our old people alive longer. and really, i think, the primary motivation here is to avoid having to face the inevitability of your own demise. \'93we\'94 want to believe that if we do everything to keep our parents alive, that our kids will do everything to keep us alive. and i don\'92t think this is a particularly controversial view.\
\
[the tragedy of suicides, the death penalty as the \'93ultimate\'94 punishment. the somber atmosphere of graveyards. on and on\'97]\
\
but all of this - all of this! - is predicated on the notion that there will always & forever be an earthly environment suitable for human existence. and you have to be super deliberate to not take this as a given because for literally all of human history, that\'92s been exactly the case. not only that, but it *should* be the case! the earth\'92s environment doesn\'92t typically change quickly enough to be observed over the course of a couple human lifespans. but that\'92s what\'92s happening now, and we\'92re watching it unfold, and scientists are laying out the facts in grim and simple detail, and \'93we\'94 still - somehow - are not absolutely, totally, balls-to-the-wall, fucking terrified.\
\
what does this mean? every day a person lives is a day they avoided dying. this, so engrained not because we\'92re human but because we\'92re evolved from single-cell organisms. so are we just as unconcerned as every other living & threatened thing?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}