{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19260\viewh14960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 the curtain splits slowly and reveals in symmetry the assembly of giant bellies fanned out across the stage. each candidate is laying on his back, feet facing the audience, in typical debate formation. from my seat through binoculars i revel in the a-phasic rising and falling of unnervous diaphragms and lungs, trying to order the candidates by breathing pace, but i get distracted when mr. toad begins the debates with the first rhetorical belch.\
\
toad\'92s belly is probably the smallest of the group. it\'92s also hard to ignore the unimpressive shape - not so flabby as to be formless, but far from the perfect sphere that you kind of expect from politicians at this point. but it\'92s clear that toad knows this, because he\'92s a fiery orator with a reputation for \'93telling it as it is\'94 - a reputation he certainly deserves. i consider myself a pretty jaded voter at this point, but even i have to admit that the gas exiting toad tonight has a powerfully complex stench, somewhere between bleu cheese and roadkill.\
\
toad finishes his opening statement with an impressive 6-second fart, which drops linearly in pitch and ends with a whispery \'93puff.\'94 those of us with binoculars can even see the crack of his pants wet a bit. he gets applause.\
\
julia\'92s under the stage, suspended by magnets and punctured with so many tubes you\'92d hardly be able to make her out if you even got the chance to see her. she\'92s listening to the bellies through the floorboards but there\'92s practically no indication of her presence from the stands.\
\
dipson\'92s next and wastes no time in demolishing toad\'92s remarks. there\'92s a glottal stop, a tremendous gag, and with slow concentration he raises a single flipper, suspends it in the air, and slaps his belly so hard that we feel the shockwave in the stands less than three seconds later. mr. dipson has the tummy of a seasoned politician - it\'92s huge, perfectly round, and shined with a polish developed by the same scientists who invented the freaking computer. the polish recipe is no secret, but it\'92s such a characteristic of dipson that no other candidate would dare appropriate it. dipson\'92s breathing\'92s labored under his great weight, and he\'92s sweating so fantastically that some of the people in the front row have taken off their shoes and are swirling their toes in the warm salt water.\
\
but toad\'92s having none of this, and is totally pissed about dipson's reckless mischaracterization of his stances. he takes a long pull at the back of his throat, rolls a phlegm ball all the way from the sphincter at the base of his esophagus, and expels an explosive wet hack that lands in row 4, glistening with the kind of sheen that only esophageal blood can provide. you can tell that even dipson, seasoned as he is, is surprised by the pointedness of this attack and dries right up, if only for a second.\
\
but here\'92s where things get interesting, because from across the stage there\'92s a sudden, stinging caw that cuts through toad and dipson like how a steamroller might demolish a sandcastle. this is the count. \
\
the presumptive nominee at the outset of the race, the count\'92s been a serious disappointment up until recently. explanations for his potent fallibility have ranged from a nonlethal brain tumor to insomnia to a secret divorce from a second wife living in panama. whatever the case, he\'92s back in action now. still fresh in the audience\'92s mind is the leaked video of the count publicly urinating on the vietnam war memorial, an action so fantastically un-pc that it gained disapproval from practically the entire country, who loved it.\
\
the count\'92s aware of all this, of course, and is debating tonight with a confidence not seen before - he\'92s practically a different person. rather than entering the fray with dipson and toad, he effortlessly rises just above it by criticizing their childish back-n-forth ad hominem attacks, the stuff of children! then, pointing his great belly toward the canopy, he cracks in even succession every bone in his spine - the cracks of which are juicy in a nostalgic kids-yogurt type of way, playful, multidimensional, complex. the sort of sound you can sift through a hundred times and with each listen pick out something you\'92d totally missed in all previous listens. a hint of high-frequency bone mixed with a deep, strawberry finish in the muscles and tendons, with the sizable politician\'92s belly acting as a dampened-cathedral-type resonator.\
\
there\'92s a second delay as the count finishes. dipson is visibly stunned, his skin stretched tight across his face. looking at him, your first concern is that he\'92s still alive. but toad\'92s on a freakin roll tonight and is all fired up. he does a quick 10-crack of each of his fingers, then rolls his toes down for an effortless podiatric finish that communicates that toad, under no circumstances, will be getting upstaged in the bone-cracking department. he is a veritable expert.\
\
\
\
\
\
}