{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh11760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 forking is folking: in defense of clones
\b0 \
\
when was the last time you listened to music? if this seems absurdly rhetorical, don\'92t worry - it is. music, more than any other artistic medium, has so thoroughly permeated our lives that going more than a few hours, and certainly more than a few days, without hearing it is nearly impossible. music makes up a majority of consumer radio waves, plays in retail stores, introduces tv shows, blasts through thin walls and out windows and zips by in loud cars. why has music -measured purely by rate of consumption- succeeded more than any other artistic medium at incorporating itself into our everyday lives?\
\
there are probably a million reasons, but I think it\'92s important to consider the environment we find ourselves in, and how that influences the types of art produced and consumed. while there\'92s probably a decent (and profound) argument that music is a definitive feature of humanity - that humans, being the only species of animal capable of keeping a beat - are imbibed with musicality. this may or not be [and i\'92ll admit that i voluntarily subscribe to this idea without caring too much about the evidence either way - it feels \'93right\'94 and \'93good\'94 to me]. but nonetheless, it would be shortsighted not to consider the affect of capitalism on the development of musical ideas in contemporary society - let alone the privileged position capitalism provides to music over visual art, dance, and even film and television.\
\
this is important: music thrives both because and in spite of capitalism. it can be enjoyed while on the job, is proven to increase productivity (muzak), and is easily distributed. music, through the radio, was the first art form to be broadcasted. it is emotionally manipulative, and so makes an effective advertising tool.\
\
but music is also in constant tension with capitalism. its themes are often overtly political and subversive, it is easily shared (especially in the digital age), and it is born from a folk tradition of ideas being held in the common. and it\'92s this tension that results in regulation, especially in the form of copyright law.\
\
i will be expanding on these ideas later, but at this point i think it\'92s important to establish a connection to (particularly, video) games. i want to do that by slightly tweaking the question i posed at the beginning: when was the last time you *really* listened to music? because while it\'92s true that music exists ambiently in our day-to-day lives, there\'92s certainly a difference between passive and active listening. games, considered as musical objects [kanaga], require, by their interactive nature, the latter. and this is important because games possess the same subversive potential as audio-only music, but also enjoy an assurance that the audience will be engaged in the message.\
\
here, again, there\'92s plenty to say about the unique quirks of games as an (musical) art form. but i want to make one final point to anchor these ideas. which is that the strengths of games as a subversive medium have not been fully explored or exploited. not even close. and that the reason for this shortcoming is not because of the competitiveness of the marketplace, but because of the game community itself - and i mean to implicate both gamers and game creators. reasons include the discriminatory treatment of non cishet white men, of the unthinking dismissal of clones, of a general lack of political urgency. what i\'92m arguing is that the game community, which is really a music community, would do well to learn from its folk-tradition roots. that it should be practicing radical acceptance/inclusion/defense of all identities, especially those of the discriminated. that it should operate with the expectation of a collective ownership of ideas (why is it acceptable for a musician to cover a song, but not for a game developer to clone a game?) that it should more vigorously exploit the political potential it holds as an interactive and playful medium. and that these changes should be considered as obligations in a world that is plagued by injustice and economic disparity and threatened existentially by climate change.\
\

\b the folk tradition
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f2\i\fs36 Yes, as through this world I've wandered\uc0\u8232 I've seen lots of funny men\u8232 Some will rob you with a six-gun\u8232 And some with a fountain pen\
And as through your life you travel\uc0\u8232 Yes, as through your life you roam\u8232 You won't never see an outlaw\u8232 Drive a family from their home\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 -Woody Guthrie\
\

\i Now who\'92s to say if i was right or wrong?\
To live my life as an outlaw all along\
Remain strong in this planet full of playa haters\
They conversate, but Death Row full of demonstrators\
\
-
\i0 Tupac\
\
[for convenience, i\'92ll be referring to \'93games\'94 and \'93music\'94 as distinct entities, even though from an artistic standpoint it makes more sense to think of them as being of the same ilk (as \'93musical objects\'94). the distinction is helpful within the scope of this essay, though, as a way of distinguishing the cultures of games and music, which i think are quite different.]\
\
[i will also be using the term \'93games\'94 throughout the essay to refer specifically to video games]\
\
[lastly - while it\'92s probably safe to say that all artistic mediums have a folk counterpart, I\'92m going to be specifically using music as a way to talk about the tradition as a whole. i feel like this is a safe decision because of how entangled the history of folk & music is, and because of the interesting ways this entanglement has challenged the commodification efforts beginning in the 20th century]\
\
compared to what we\'92ve got today, what the folk tradition basically boils down to is a different idea about ownership. guthrie examines this theme through the story of 
\i pretty boy floyd
\i0 , a depression-era oklahoma outlaw. guthrie romanticizes floyd\'92s story, contrasting his crimes against authority with the systemically sanctioned \'93crimes\'94 against the poor. written at the tail end of the great depression, it\'92s not hard to see why guthrie (and the public) would think morally justified the actions of a bank robber, especially one with a robin hood-reputation for destroying home mortgages.\
\
it\'92s probably not unlikely that floyd actually did kill people, and maybe even some people who weren\'92t authority figures. he also might not have destroyed mortgages or left generous gifts for hospitable families. but the real-life story of floyd is irrelevant to the song, as guthrie establishes in the first verse:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 If you'll gather 'round me, children\
A story I will tell\
'Bout pretty boy Floyd, an outlaw\
Oklahoma knew him well
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 \
guthrie is myth-making. the song is not meant for adults who know floyd\'92s story through the press, who\'92ve already cemented opinions about the outlaw. the song is meant for the naive, so that the floyd of the song may be detached from the controversial real-life figure and be fitted into the moral identity of the people. \
\
what does this have to do with ownership?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\'97\
\
\
rock \'92n\'92 roll is the least folk music genre. this is not a matter of musical style (contemporary pop is also rock \'92n\'92 roll) but of ethos. i also don\'92t mean to make this assertion based solely on rock \'92n\'92 roll\'92s success in the market.\
\
\
\
\'97\
\
\
games have not realized their full political potential because game culture has developed under market conditions, unlike music, which has existed for as long as humanity. this means that a \'93return to\'94 or \'93adoption of\'94 the folk tradition must be a deliberate effort - a conscious reorienting of cultural identity. with that in mind, it becomes necessary to define exactly what the folk tradition is.\
\
\
\'97\
\
\
it was not even a couple decades in before the game industry suffered its first economic bubble, with huge implications after the burst. women represented 40% of programmers working in games before the burst, and only 5% afterwards (cite).\
\
the economic barrier to entry\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
}