{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25820\viewh16240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 the hopen fields were the grassy static seas of my childhood, and coming back to them floods me with memories that are suffocating in their embrace. but i like that. i like that when i moved to the city in my twenties i never returned to the country because it\'92s created this tidy separation between my life as a seafaring youth and my life as an adult on the shore in the lighthouse.\
\
coming back here is tough though too because it\'92s where i literally lost my son. since i was raising him in the city i felt this nagging sense of obligation to take him out to see the rolling hills, to tumble through the spindly grass, to catch and cup grasshoppers and cast butterfly nets. i wanted him to be able to lay down and feel the brush itching at the back of your legs and arms and neck, but to be totally content as a still witness to the church of the sky and stars. he was five years old and it was time.\
\
i literally lost him there. i never saw him again. we started on the bindly trail, the widest trail that most people take and never leave, but i wanted to prove to him the depth of the nautical world and my knowledge of it. we took a right at the redwind fork and cut between the jaden trees and i grabbed his hand as we held our breath and plunged through the undergrowth, through the soil, through the bends, and into the belly of the secret central knoll of the hopen fields, where no one knows to go.\
\
i let go of his hand and i said isn\'92t this great? i said don\'92t you feel free? i said don\'92t you feel like anything is possible?\
\
he was looking straight ahead and keeping stride with me. i tallied the grassy wake he left in his miniature way and i was moved by the genetic something that had passed between us - the way he moved - he was a natural.\
\
[change this next paragraph to father\'92s pov - make clear he\'92s projecting these feelings onto his son]\
he said, it is great dad. i feel free and i feel like anything is possible. he looked up to me and he grabbed my hand and he said we should just stand for a sec. he said, but dad you have to understand that i\'92m a child and to me everything feels great and free and possible. i\'92m in the age of innocence. everything is new to me. i will never again experience anything the way i\'92m experiencing it now. from this moment forwards, i\'92ll construct a way of identifying the feelings associated with being in the hopen fields, and every time i return to here or think about this wonderful place i\'92ll reinforce those feelings until \'93the hopen fields\'94 becomes an instantly recognizable, static summary of a Way To Feel. which is not to say anything bad about it, because for me - i\'92m in a constant state of awe and discovery, and i know there\'92s so much more to see. but you love to don your scuba suit and dive to these depths because it reminds you of how it felt when you were here and you were my age.\
\
he bent down and caught and cupped a grasshopper. i noticed how big it appeared in his miniature hands and i kind of chuckled to myself because i forgot how small children are and how big things can look to them by comparison. the grasshopper was content to be still in his palms. \
\
this is my first time seeing a grasshopper, he said. to you this is just a grasshopper but to me this is an object so foreign that i can hardly distinguish it from the world around me. i\'92m looking at the boulder that makes up its facility, and its ribbons that spiral up, then down, and finish in the basin of plausibility. do you see what happens when i take a finger and rub what you believe to be its side? i\'92m instantiating an endless series of pocks that bristle and pop, and each exploded pock contains a colony of silverfish that scuttle across a blubbering plane that expands into its own horizon. to me, right now, that\'92s what a grasshopper is. but the next time i see a grasshopper it will just be a grasshopper. did you notice the hopen grasshoppers today, dad?\
\
i did notice the grasshoppers, i said, but i love your description of them. i can kind of see the legs as ribbons if i try! \
\
he said dad, let\'92s lie in the scratchy grass and be a still witness to the church of the sky and stars. i smiled at him. we disappeared between the reeds and sank into our respective beds. for a second i closed my eyes and felt the serendipitous pressure of our lagoon, moving with the pulse of its breathing. i exhaled. when i opened my eyes we were still in the hopen fields but the sun had set and the boy was gone.\
}