{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24180\viewh16120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 the entrance to the hopen fields sits at the top of the highest hill. as you cross the threshold of the wispy good-faith fence you can quickly survey the scene and plan your route. you can follow the network of officially and unofficially supported paths through untreated fields pocked by dandelions. you can flirt with the edges of the thin forest puffs, or penetrate them, or gently move along the creases of hills, or wade through the tall grasses. \
\
or, you can observe nothing and get on your little back and push off and roll down, roll down, roll down.\
\
the hopen fields are the grassy static seas of my childhood, and coming back here blinds me with that uniquely potent olfactory-based nostalgia. the memories are strong, but i like that. i like that when i moved to the city in my twenties that it was for good, because it\'92s created this tidy separation between my childhood and my adulthood.\
\
but coming back here is tough, too, because it\'92s where i literally lost my son. since we were raising him in the city, i felt this nagging obligation to share with him what had been so special to me as a kid. i wanted to show him the rolling hills and the spindly grass. i wanted him to experience the thrill of catching and cupping grasshoppers, casting butterfly nets. i wanted him to know how it felt to lie back and be a still witness to the church of the sky and stars - to be so enamored by his smallness, or by the world\'92s greatness, that he could be at ease with the scratching of the sharp grass and the annoyingly barely perceptible footfalls of ants and spiders on his uninfluenced skin. he was five years old and it was time.\
\
i literally lost him there. i never saw him again. we embarked on the bindly loop, the widest trail that most people take and some never leave, but i wanted to impress upon him the depth of my knowledge. we took a right at the redwind fork and cut between the jaden trees, and when we reached the wildflower gardens i grabbed his hand and we held our breath and plunged through undergrowth, through the soil, through the bends, and into the belly of the secret central knoll of the hopen fields, where no one knows to go.\
\
after acclimating, i let go of his hand and i said isn\'92t this great? i said don\'92t you feel happy? and free? i said don\'92t you feel like anything is possible?\
\
he was looking straight ahead and keeping stride with me. i tallied the blades of grass he left in his wake and i was moved by the genetic something that had passed between us. the way he moved - he was a natural!\
\
he said, it is great dad. i feel free, and happy, and i feel like anything is possible. he inhaled and took my hand and said could we just stop walking for a sec. we met eyes and he said, but dad, these are your fields, and your memories. i\'92m at an age where everything feels like an infinite possibility set. and these fields, however great, are only one of many discoveries that i make at every moment of every day. i love that the hopen fields are so special to you, but the reason why we\'92re here is because they remind you of how you felt when you were my age.\
\
he bent down and caught and cupped a grasshopper. i watched it in his hands and i kind of chuckled to myself because i forgot how small children really are and how big things can look to them by comparison. the grasshopper was content to be still in his palms.\
\
this is my first time seeing a grasshopper, he said. to you this is just a grasshopper, but to me this is an object so foreign i can barely distinguish it from the world surrounding it. i\'92m looking at the boulder that defines its agency, and its ribbons that spiral up, then down, and finish in the basin of plausibility. do you see what happens when i take my chubby finger and rub what you believe to be its side? i\'92m instantiating an endless-seeming series of pocks that bristly and pop, and each exploded pock contains a colony of silverfish-type-things that scuttle across an undulating plane that extends into its own horizon. to me, right now, that\'92s what a grasshopper is. but the next time i see a grasshopper it will just be a grasshopper. did you notice the hopen grasshoppers today, dad?\
\
i did notice the grasshoppers, i said, but i love your creative description of them. i can kind of see the legs as ribbons if i try!\
\
he said dad, let\'92s lie in the scratchy grass and be a still witness to the church of the sky and stars. i smiled at him as we disappeared between the reeds and sank into our respective beds. for a split second i closed my eyes and felt the serendipitous pressure of our lagoon, allowing my body to be moved by the pulse of its breathing. i exhaled. when i opened my eyes we were still in the hopen fields but the sun had set and the boy was gone.\
\
\
\
\
}