{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19680\viewh9380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 i gathered all our things in the center of the room. i was really methodical about it. i started with the refrigerator and all the other really heavy stuff, furniture, appliances, etc. you know what\'92s in a house. i moved beds, wardrobes, bookshelves, the oven, the stereo - all that stuff. you know what\'92s in a house. but so when all of that was together, which, i think that whole first round took me about a day and i\'92m pretty sure i had to grab a couple drinks and take a quick nap or something, i moved on to the smaller things. i rolled up all the rugs and collected all the photos off the walls and grabbed every pair of shoe (holy shit! we really own a whole bunch of shoes) and i threw all that stuff onto the mountain. even at this point it was starting to look really impressive. i was never a tetris master or anything, and i\'92m not gonna claim that everything fit together in some kind of pattern that would fool anyone into thinking it was preordained or anything - but it was steady - impressively so, if it\'92s cool for me to pay myself that compliment.\
\
the smaller things were surprisingly fun to find & move. you know what\'92s in a house - you see all the bigger stuff all the time - you practically think of it as part of the architecture. but the smaller stuff is really interesting because you realize this stuff is all around you all the time, and all of it with a story, and all of it always watching you from under or behind some forgettable piece of furniture. i mean - i found a used condom from my one and only affair, which was a memory i had so effectively forced from my brain that i almost fooled myself into thinking it had never happened. but here was this dry plastic thing with hardened come all coiled up in the same shape it had taken when (i guess) we\'92d flung it behind the freaking bookshelf and promised ourselves we\'92d never speak to each other ever again, pieces of shit that we were.\
\
anyways, i placed that awful memory in the oven and closed the door with a bang. i never threw anything out during this whole process, but some things really are hard to display right out in the open. \
\
i found this drawing you had made. you\'92re not an artist and i think this was the only time you\'92d ever even made a stab at creating anything remotely artistic, at least since you were a kid - not that i think kids are really capable of making art, but you know. it was a drawing of a lighthouse in the fog, and you were trying to illustrate the honorable persistence with which this lighthouse worked, despite the fruitlessness of its labor. it was a pretty good metaphor! but it was also obvious that you were disappointed by the drawing, because on top of everything you drew in red sharpie this truly gigantic penis, which, it\'92s hard to tell but i think you were trying to show it squirting into some woman\'92s eye? which, i thought it was so funny how ambitious even your attempt at soiling your own artwork was. \
\
i could really go on, but i don\'92t want to give the impression that everything i found was mind-blowing. you know what\'92s in a house - most of the small stuff was really mundane: socks, toothbrushes, books, bicycle helmets, water bottles, soap, pens, matches, pills, silverware, dead batteries - none of it very exciting or interesting. you know what\'92s in a house.\
\
but so by the end i had all this stuff just concentrated in our living room and i was fully worn out. the whole process had taken me something like a week, which, the only reason i\'92m confused about the timeline is because i never got a full night\'92s sleep throughout the whole thing, just being so excited by the venture and all. also i ended up drinking a whole lot. some of the stuff i found was pretty troubling. like, i wish that old condom could have been the worst thing i found.\
\
because, ugh, to be honest, since i was moving everything i did naturally come across your diary, and i mean - it\'92s gonna sound awful that i read it, but you have to understand that i was investigating literally everything that i picked up. like, really really investigating it - not in the sense that i was trying to dig up dirt on you or anything, but more like i was some kind of social scientist, gathering evidence to make some kind of case for something. i really have no idea what i\'92m talking about. but i did read your diary. the last entry was from 3 years ago, so i don\'92t know if you just stopped writing or if you got a new notebook or something, but in a way it made me feel kind of ok about the whole thing because i figured no matter how bad the things inside it might have been, they wouldn\'92t be relevant now. that\'92s why i felt ok reading it, in a way.\
\
but so i must have spent all of two days just reading through that thing. i was drinking a lot throughout the whole ordeal - i think my feeling at the time was that if i was drinking heavily, it meant i wouldn\'92t remember most of the details, and that that somehow made it more ok to be a snoop. but anyways when i got to the end of it i had to tunnel my way into the (now gigantic) mountain so that i could get to the oven and open the door and slip that thing in. \
\
that was tough. that was really, really tough. to think that shit had been hanging out under our bed for all those years - wow!\
\
anyways when i was done i took a step back and just kind of marveled at the whole situation. the floor was bowing underneath the weight of everything and i was a little afraid that it might collapse, but honestly i think it wouldn\'92t have mattered if it did. the mountain was impressive - you had your mother\'92s oven mitts hanging from the handlebars of the kids\'92 bikes, and you had extension chords and usb cables and garden hoses and shoelaces and spaghetti wrapping in and out like rivers and streams. i even gathered all bottles of alcohol i\'92d consumed during the process and made a cool kind of lake at the bottom of everything. it was nuts.\
\
but i do have to admit that i was ruminating on what i\'92d read in your diary. no amount of alcohol could have blocked that out. but something you\'92d written had really struck me in a powerful way - i mean, like a positive kind of way. i followed your instructions to a t - i picked up the kazoo and pointed it at the heart of the mountain and i hummed that lullaby you came up with. it was just as sad as i remembered it being, but dang if i didn\'92t finally understand everything that you meant to clumsily communicate w/ that god awful melody!\
\
that\'92s when the mountain bulged and bubbled, just as you predicted. I loved you in that moment more passionately than i ever have, and i wished you could have been there as a witnesss. but that mountain bulged and bubbled and from it i slovenly upended some kind of drunken shrink you predicted would have been expelled. jesus! i took that shrink and sat it on my lap and it told me to rub its little tummy and me - damn, i couldn\'92t remember the last time i\'92d rubbed the tummy of anything at all, except for our kids maybe twenty or thirty freaking years ago. but believe me please - i rolled up this shrink\'92s shirt and with a single index finger i rubbed his tummy and he told me, in no uncertain words, that he appreciated my generous and gentle touch. a few strokes in he grabbed my index my finger with his little hands and he told me that that was enough. things were fine.\
\
i felt great at this point. the shrink sat comfortably in my shirt pocket, sleeping sometimes, and peaking out at others. i took him wherever i went, and my friends became his friends.\
\
but the whole point is that after all this happened i invited everyone i knew to our living room so that they could see the absolutely ridiculous pile of shit in our living room. i mean, this was everything in our freaking house, all collected in a single place. you have to understand that this was a pretty weird situation to everyone i knew. but they came anyways, and sure as shit if they didn\'92t take a look at our bare house, and then double take at the mountain of shit that i\'92d created with my bare freakind hands, and i swear they understood \'97 i mean, really understood.\
\
but so what i would do, after they\'92d taken a good long look at the structure, is i\'92d hand them the kazoo - just as you\'92d instructed in your godawful diary - and i\'92d teach them the uninspired hymn you\'92d written for our innocent children and inevitably they\'92d end up reproducing that terrible memory and i promise you, as totally as i can make this promise, they\'92d get their own freaking shrink, who\'92d take up residence in their own freaking shirt pockets and they\'92d talk a bit about the nature of existence \'97 i don\'92t even want to go into the details. the whole thing made me really uncomfortable but of course i also enjoyed it considerably, or else i wouldn\'92t have continued inviting friends, or total strangers, into this situation.\
\
but yeah i mean it was wild! you had at some point this huge collection of tiny shrinks just living in shirt pockets and incessantly breaking down all the psychological problems they were witness to. it really freaked me out to be honest, but i appreciated their insight - i mean, nothing the shrinks said was indisputable. they were smart - listen, they were smart!\
\
\
\
=====================================================================\
\
i became a human being through kate bush. but what i\'92m doing is i\'92m following the trajectory of her influence on my personhood and getting stuck because what i mean to talk about is not really how kate got me figured, but more how i recognized the ubiquity of the kate spirit in the whole reality mesh. this is not to deify kate - without a doubt she would reject any such notions. can\'92t celebrate the artist over the art, but it\'92s convenient to use the \'91kate bush\'92 container as a way of talking about her music & spirit. recognizing that things brought into the world by kate (tangible or otherwise) are really just traveling through her \'97 that she\'92s not the owner of any ideas \'97 because none of us are. and in this way, it\'92s not important that i\'92ve never met or known kate bush, because this would muddy the message. the more you get to know someone, the more difficult it becomes to think of them as anything other than a human being. modern celebrities are amazing bc they lead more public lives than any person of any era - and yet this arises bc of peoples\'92 fetishization of their private lives. you can feel like you know a celeb pretty well if you want to.\
\
so this is not about my knowing anything about kate bush, really. it\'92s about how the feeling of her, with \'91her\'92 being some nonhuman thing, made me into a human being. and when i talk about myself i include everything that is not me.\
\
i first heard kate\'92s music on a porch at a party in maine. it made no impact, but i did go home and download her discography. the second time i heard kate\'92s music, my girlfriend and i were driving to cape code and we made a purposeful decision to \'91try her.\'92 we got to the \'91peter pan\'92 part of lionheart and decided to call it quits, recognizing that there was probably some brilliance in there somewhere, but god was it goofy.\
\
but so what happened next was that i was unemployed and i was home a lot and i would put her on and i would figure things out, here and there [i will describe these things later]. my girlfriend would get home from work and i\'92d put on \'91wow\'92 and i\'92d describe to her the multitude of things kate was calling out when she belted the chorus (the ppl putting on the play, the patriarchy, the audience, blah blah blah). and we\'92d argue the meaning behind her blood-curdling \'91i love life\'92 screams in \'91pull out the pin,\'92 picking apart the timbre of her voice and always conclude nothing.\
\
but so what i was feeling was the effect of the shaping by kate bush. and what i can do is i can look back now and i can see - first of all - how profound the shaping was, but also i can see the disparity of this effect on me versus my girlfriend. which is not to suggest that we broke up because of kate, just that kate highlighted some serious differences between us.\
\
when we did break up, i moved in with my grandparents and finally found employment and started working seven days a week. i\'92d get home from work, i\'92d throw on \'91the kick inside,\'92 and i\'92d feel all the agony that breakups deliver to your brain. \
\
what was really difficult about the whole thing was that we didn\'92t have a clean breakup. we decided we were taking a break, and we\'92d talk on occasion. which, that undoubtedly made things more difficult than they needed to be because every day that went by w/o us talking was a day filled with imaginings of other guys. and all conversations were spoiled by my search for subtexts and obsession with the perfect navigation of words that would result in us getting back together. after hanging up the phone and crying and looping the conversation in my head and thinking about how badly it felt to have someone say they weren\'92t sure if they were in love with you i\'92d put on my headphones and play \'91the kick inside\'92 and usually fall to fitful-asleep after \'91kite.\'92\
\
i need to return to this. i\'92m too tired to feel happy w/ anything i\'92m writing.\
\
\
\
\
\
}