{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20880\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 hey can i ask you a question? do you smoke? that\'92s good, ok. can i ask you another question? if you had to choose, and you could only choose one, and the whole world depended on it, which would you choose: liquids or solids? it\'92s for the rest of your life and the whole world depends on it - liquids. or solids.\
\
i\'92ve been all over the world. i can speak three languages. \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 aiutati che dio ti aiuta. do you know what that means? help yourself and god will help you. that\'92s italian. i can speak spanish, italian, and french.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 el hombre propone y dios dispone. man proposes and god disposes. i have been all over the world and i just need to know, if you could only choose one and it was for the rest of your life, would you choose liquids or solids?\
\
i\'92ve traveled everywhere. i\'92ve seen everything. i want you to take your hand and place it on your heart. sure, we can keep walking while you do it. just put your hand right over your heart, like this. what do you feel? the whole world depends on it. that\'92s right, it is a heartbeat, but it\'92s not your heartbeat. do you know whose heartbeat it is? that\'92s the heartbeat of the whole world and right now all i need to know is the answer to a very basic question: liquids or solids? it\'92s for the rest of your life and you can only choose one.\
\
i\'92ve studied under seven different prophets. i\'92ve read the bible, the koran, and the torah from cover to cover. i\'92ve prayed to every god of every major religion and several gods from many smaller religions. i\'92ve spilled my own blood on every holy land. i\'92ve fasted for three months straight. you\'92ll talk to some people who say they\'92ve seen the light or that they\'92ve been saved or that they\'92ve been born again. don\'92t listen to those people. anyone who tells you they\'92ve been born again is really just boxing themselves into a tiny corner of enlightenment. i\'92ve reached enlightenment plenty of times. i\'92ve seen the cycles of rebirth, and i\'92ve interrupted a few of them to tinker with the fabric of existence. anyone who tells you they found god has really just found a corner to sit in and a wall to stare at. but from you right now, all i gotta know is if you would choose liquids or solids. if the whole world depended on it and you could only choose one and it was for the rest of your life, which would you choose?\
\
i want you to cup your hand to your ear. what? oh, no i mean you don\'92t have to if you don\'92t want to, but if you just want to do it for a second- ok, ok, thanks. no yeah, we can keep walking. do you see this flask? most people who see this will think it\'92s alcohol and they might feel uncomfortable. but it\'92s not alcohol. and if they knew what it actually was they\'92d be clawing at the sky! yeah, just keep your hand cupped to your ear like it is. do you see this bulb? this is just an ear cleaning kit i grabbed from cvs for eight bucks. so watch this, i\'92m gonna pull some of the liquid from the flask and squirt it into your ear. it\'92s gonna feel a little weird but it\'92s not harmful at all so you don\'92t have to worry about it. seven squirts is all it takes. and just tilt your head to the right a bit so that nothing pours out. ready?\
\
ok, now take your palm and press it hard against your ear. keep going. your hand has to be flat against your head. great. now tilt your head back up and pull your hand off quickly. perfect. do you see this? notice the transparent hair and how each claw has seven nails? here, take it. rub its stomach, it won\'92t bite - it doesn\'92t even have teeth. now while you\'92re holding it, i want you to answer my simple question. if everything \'97 if the whole world depended on it and you could only choose one and it was between liquids and solids, which would you choose? i\'92ve traveled the whole world. i can speak three languages. i\'92ve studied every major religion. and right now all i need to know is which would you choose if you could only choose one. would you choose liquids or solids?\
\
you ask, can i survive off just liquids?\
\
what?\
\
you say, if i was just using liquids, would i be able to survive?\
\
no, but the whole world is depending on your-\
\
you say, well then i\'92d choose solids.\
\
oh. ok, thanks.\
\
\
\
}