{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh14800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 i know it\'92s something i do a lot, but it\'92s just such a big part of me and like who i am as a person that at this point i just really identify with being someone who talks a lot. and i used to worry about what other people thought about me talking so much, like if they thought i was selfish for doing it or if they thought i wasn\'92t giving them enough of a chance to, you know, like say whatever they\'92re thinking about what i\'92m saying? but then i was like, no, that\'92s just who i am and i should embrace it - some people talk more and some people talk less, but as long as what you\'92re talking about is important - like, as long as you\'92re not just talking for the sake of talking or whatever - then there\'92s really no reason to feel like ashamed\
\
no yeah, like, exactly. i don\'92t consider myself a very talkative person but i really like being around talkative people because it helps the conversation flow better\
\
yes exactly! i feel like being talkative can be so helpful for people who are like, shy or whatever. like, you know that they\'92re always thinking about things even if they\'92re not talking or like, don\'92t know how to express what they\'92re thinking, so i find that i can be really helpful in helping people kind of like say what\'92s on their minds, because i just think that that\'92s one of my strengths, is i\'92m really good at vocalizing my thoughts. but you know, i haven\'92t really been thinking of you as a quiet person this whole time. like, you\'92re a really good conversationalist. like a *really* good conversationalist, you ask good questions\
\
thanks- yeah, i used to not be a really good conversationalist but i\'92ve been getting better at it. like, yeah, when i\'92m talking to someone i\'92ll ask questions as a way to relate and understand them\
\
yeah that\'92s such a good point and it makes so much sense because i feel like we already know each other so well even though we just met. like, you have no idea how hard it\'92s been finding other christians our age. i\'92m like, so so glad that we decided to hang out after the service. i mean, i *do* like most of the people i meet around here but boston is like such a liberal city that sometimes, you know, i just want to hang out with some conservative people for a change. and i mean, i\'92m not even that conservative. like if you met my family it\'92s crazy how conservative they are - like, i\'92m probably the most liberal person in my whole family and i don\'92t even consider myself liberal at all, except maybe socially liberal. \
\
yeah i know, boston\'92s super liberal. but i really like our pastor here. like, i have no idea how many times i\'92ve heard the story of jonah and the whale, but he made such a good point in his sermon today\
\
oh my god! yes. i know! he\'92s such a good speaker and i love his silly mustache. like the way that he curls it at the ends is so funny. i have to catch myself, like, a hundred times a mass from bursting out laughing. but i was talking to one of the parishioners about it and she said that he\'92s actually only had it for like a couple weeks. \
\
oh really?\
\
yeah, like apparently he lost this sports bet with one of the parishioners and so he has to have it for a month. but it\'92s still so funny because she was telling me that like the rules of the bet were just that he had to grow out his facial hair. like it was his decision to make it a mustache. he was just like, well, if i\'92ve got to do it, i\'92m gonna have some fun with it, you know? \
\
haha yeah that\'92s awesome, he totally turned the joke around\
\
i know right! he\'92s so awesome. i love him. like, ugh, if he was younger and single i would totally be into him. or - ew, never mind, i was gonna be like \'91if only his son was older\'92 but he\'92s like, 12 or something. ew, i hate myself for thinking that. god. i am so going to hell.\
\
haha no you\'92re fine. his wife is hot too, have you seen her yet?\
\
oh my god, yes. she is gorgeous. like, i mean *gorgeous.* i mean, like, i consider myself, you know, i\'92ve always thought of myself as a beautiful person. i mean, we - all of us - are. he\'92s beautiful, she\'92s beautiful \'97 *you\'92re* beautiful. we\'92re all beautiful just because we\'92re people. but so i\'92ve always thought of myself as a beautiful person. like, guys have always come up to me no matter what i\'92m wearing, and i always have to be like, \'91uh, no.\'92 but even me, when i look at his wife, i\'92m like - oh my god, i will never be as beautiful as this woman. ever.\
\
guys just walk up to you like that?\
\
oh my god, like all the time. and in my head i\'92m always like, \'91dude, there\'92s no way. for one thing it\'92s like totally creepy that you\'92re just walking up to me like this, but also, even if it wasn\'92t, i\'92m a christian. like, i\'92ve only ever had sex twice in my whole life and i am *not* going through that again until marriage.\'92 \'97 haha oops, i like totally let that slip, haha. but i mean, i guess most christians our age have made the same mistake. like i rarely find christians my age who haven\'92t slipped up once or twice. like you\'92ve probably even slipped up.\
\
oh- uh, no actually. no, i haven\'92t.\
\
whoa you\'92re still a virgin? that\'92s awesome. sex is like such a big temptation to resist. i tried so hard but when i first got to college i was just like so out of my element. my roommate was this super sexually active person - which, you know, that\'92s cool - but i think she kind of, like, influenced me. i mean, i never, ever, actually sought it out or anything, but temptation doesn\'92t wait until you\'92re ready to deal with it - it just comes at you. so, yeah, i had a couple moments of weakness and i felt so bad afterwards. like, really bad. like, i was crying. but what i\'92ve realized since then is that, even though that was a really sinful act, i actually learned a lot from it and now, because i know what sex feels like, in a way it\'92s actually much easier to resist.\
\
wow that\'92s crazy. so you mean you didn\'92t like it?\
\
hmm well, maybe i could have put it differently. \'91cause, like, yes, i definitely really did enjoy sex, but like, i feel like it\'92s way more tempting before you actually have it because there\'92s so much mystery around it. like, sex is so built up and it\'92s all over our media and everything. so - i mean i guess you could just call it curiosity, but like once you actually have sex you can be like \'91ok. i get it.\'92 \
\
that\'92s interesting. i feel like you\'92re right. like, yeah, i definitely have temptations - everyone does - but i think what i\'92m really desiring is not to actually have sex, but just to know what it is.\
\
yeah exactly! and it\'92s not like you won\'92t ever find out. you just have to wait until you meet the right person. and then when your wedding comes it ends up being so much more special because of it. i\'92m gonna have such a hard time explaining to my future husband that i\'92ve had sex with not one but two other people. it\'92s going to be so shameful. and i know that he\'92ll want to know all the details, too. or at least, i feel like it\'92s important for me to tell him all the details. that\'92s the thing my mom always said about my parents\'92 relationship, is that they\'92ve been able to stay together for so long because they\'92re completely open with each other about their pasts and what\'92s going on in their lives. so i\'92d feel like it was my responsibility to describe everything that i did. and i mean like, everything. like, i wouldn\'92t skip over the little details. like, i would have to explain that when he had his hands up my shirt and he was feeling my boobs from under my bra, that all i could think about was the first thing i would say when he finally took my top off, which was to suck on my nipples. like, i don\'92t know why, but that was something i\'92d always had in my mind as being something that was really sexy that i wanted to try. which, it actually ended up being really funny because it turns out my nipples are like really, really sensitive, and when he started licking them i just burst out laughing, i couldn\'92t help it!\'85 i\'92m sorry i\'92m being totally awkward\
\
no, no, no, that\'92s so hilarious!\
\
oh my god it was so embarrassing. whoa is it already 3 o clock? we\'92ve been here for like forever. what were you gonna do after this? my place is only like a mile away if you seriously wanted to check out my clarinet skills.\
\
\
\
}