{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 luv notes for my daffodil, modafinil:\
four hours of debugging to find out I had a comma where a hyphen should be\
remind me of our compatible stench when i piss you out\
i won\'92t say you broke my heart, but you reminded me it could break\
mosaical mosaianical \
stability is a contract between the believer and the believed\
the air has become weird for now and for all time\
\

\fs48 you can take a stab at this yourself: get your face six inches out from a mirror and stare at it as if it\'92s just a disembodied head, floating casually in space. it could exist anywhere in space, but it happens to find itself here, in your bedroom (or your bathroom or your living room, what have you). look at the eyes in the reflection, eyes that have torn apart this muscle, sinew, skull and skin; have labeled every exploded pore a personal failing; have criticized dead baggy eyes, bulbed nose, and cheeks that reveal embarrassment too easily; have hyperbolized mild thickening as fatass; have acted at every opportunity as bedwetters - childish, naive, and mean\'85 grab those eyes and check out the pupils and remember how when you\'92re tripping you look like a damn frog. this is a floating head, just happens to be yours, and inside it you know that you\'92re looking at the stuff of generations of people before you. people who died today, people who died thousands and thousands of years ago. people who lived out their lives, brushing aside or distracting themselves from the notion/knowledge/expectation that in death there\'92d be nothing - that the light of their consciousness would simply be extinguished and they\'92d be - - - - - - gone! people whose atoms, whose carbon, whose water, whose tissue, whose brains, whose emotions are in you, right now, making you think these thoughts. and your floating head, hanging jaw, starts to look a bit different as the imprints of past lives claw at your surface, impassioned by the possibility of being found out & recognized. what they\'92re trying to say is that the experience you\'92re having is the culmination of a broad strain of consciousness, of uncountable numbers of thinking things (\'93people\'94 to only include what you know of) pushing up on the fabric until YOU emerge as a pinprick, casually bub-bub-bubbling and bobbing up and down on the sheet, enjoying moments of lucidity, of the bizarre world of sleep, of drunkeness, terror and elation, of driving for hours in a car and suddenly realizing you haven\'92t been paying attention to the road at all, of falling in love, of forming opinions, of establishing strongly held beliefs, just bubby-bub-bubbling as the homogenized souls of previous pinpricks clamor for a peak out the window of your frankly physical, twisting, coiled, squishy, grey, mind. all things, in successions of brief and temporary stasis, holding the position of \'93YOU\'94 in this funky world of physicality. how long can it last for? a question that seems silly and pointless when you start trying to pin down exactly what time is and if it exists, really, but a question whose answer is built into the structure of your face, zipf\'92s law poking out between left eye and right eye: this has been fun, but it\'92s time to do it again.}