{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18060\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs96 \cf0  under the full light of stars behind clouds. that\'92s the environment. i raised my hand cuz i couldn\'92t hear another voice . where are my comrades? where is the area? what is the reason for my loneliness?\
\
i thought for a stupid second that i might be the last man on earth. but then i realized i was only giving validation to my straight man\'92s genetic fantasy. cuz one of those dull star lights was a flashlight, and it was cutting right through the fog.\
\
i said WHY ARE WE HERE and then realized it was something i was saying without thinking. and i mean really not thinking, since the question had the affect of contextualizing every subsequent thought with a depth undeserved. so i said WHO ARE YOU. and the voice which was female called back and said I AM SHARON. and the second thought i had was This is ok. the first was related to that aforementioned male fantasy.\
\
sharon struck her hand out when she reached me. i shook it and she asked me how the movie was and i said it was fine but honestly i ducked out early cuz the only people in the theatre ducked out partway through and i just kinda let the projection roll. she wasn\'92t actually interested in the movie. she said COME WITH ME and i got slightly hard.\
\
cuz she said WE ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE LEFT ON EARTH. IT\'92S JUST YOU AND ME AND IF WE DON\'92T CAREFUL WE ALSO WILL BE GONE.\
\
well this was not the kinda conversation i was used to so i followed her through the muck of the night. under the highway and eerily quiet she told me to take off my clothes, which i did quickly. she took hers off slowly and was turned away from me. i thought to myself how this was the moment how we\'92d best be getting the human race fucking started again but she said THE CLOTHES HAVE TRACKING DEVICES IN THEM. WE ARE WANTED IN THE ROUGH and LETS GO\
\
you will appreciate the difficulty of running with an erection on you. the stiff springing, your balls up tight by your shaft, the weighted way the whole package seems to take the energy out of your legs and focus it intently into the thin air in front of it. which is why she said HURRY UP and we got to the control center with the computer screens. it was in an abandoned elementary school. abandoned because we were the last people left on earth.\
\
she said FOCUS YOUR ATTENTION ON THESE SCREENS as i oggled over her breasts men designed . THE SCREENS DO YOU SEE THE BLINKING LIGHTS. the urgency only magnified by my desire for it not to exist. WE WILL BE SURROUNDED IN ONLY BUT A FEW MINUTES. FORTUNATELY THIS SCHOOL WAS BUILT AT THE HEIGHT OF THE COLD WAR AND WE CAN TAKE THE BOMB SHELTER TUNNEL TO THE SUPERMARKET ACROSS THE STREET. FROM THERE WE CAN STOCK UP ON FOOD AND DRIVE THE DELIVER TRUCK TO NEVADA. IN NEVADA WE WILL BE ABLE TO WITH GUNS DESTROY THEIR BASE AND UNLEASH AN UNEASINESS TOWARDS PLANET EARTH THAT WILL SEND THEM PACKING\
\
i felt my heart racing where it isn\'92t and said ok. she took a control knob. DO YOU SEE OUR ROUTE. i put my hand down on the dashboard and it touched hers and she looked at me, her eyes communicating that the touch, however unexpected, was not uninvited and we both KNEW in that moment what was up. i said YOU KNOW IF WE MAKE IT WE\'92RE GONNA BE RESPONSIBLE FOR BRINGING BACK THE WHOLE HUMAN RACE and she finally smirked and then smiled and said I THINK I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN BUT BEFORE WE BEGIN YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT IT\'92S YOU WHO GOT US HERE}