{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 in the end all pa really left was a bunch of fluffernutter. we buried him at wartime, as he would have wanted, with the television blaring at his funeral reception. another conflict in the middle east, or another chapter in the ongoing conflict, however you want to look at it. my perspective was that pa precipitated it. maybe in some roundabout geopolitical entanglement, but he was there - a soldier in a suit and tie, loyal to a side he knew was wrong.\
\
pa, who for decades shouted broken mandarin into a phone, reveling in the game of mutual resentment and gamesmanship that came with the egg trade. pa, whose stiff demeanor sank to his legs in his old age. whose shouting shut down his ears. whose straightening out turned his son gay. whose fortune, which death revealed, was really just peanut butter and marshmallow fluff.\
\
we all knew him, really. but he frightened us into thinking otherwise. janet told the story of pa taking the tractor onto the pond to clear the snow off to make a skating rink. how it showed the tenderness inside him, or the tender side of him, or something. she said he\'92d talked about wanting to invite the neighborhood kids over to play hockey. it was something, she implicitly suggested, only a second wife could have witnessed in him. pa, cooled down and tenderized.\
\
and the room burst out laughing when the projector clicked to a picture of the tractor sticking out of the ice, half drowned, and pa standing at the edge of the pond, fists to hips. i felt myself laughing for the freedom of finding joy in one of my father\'92s mistakes. i wondered if the rest of the room felt that way, or if for them it was pure slapstick.\
\
janet flashed a picture of me as a baby, asleep in pa\'92s arms. it might have been the last hug he ever gave me. so many other young men impressed him more. and when the room turned to me, all smiles, how i sank in the fluff. i couldn\'92t smile because i was glad he was gone, pa.\
\
\'93your father was a great man. a great friend to me and daisy. we\'92ll miss him so much.\'94 john, a neighbor.\
\
\'93it\'92s been so strange not to hear his big booming voice in the morning. \'91those f-ing deers!\'92\'94 daisy, john\'92s wife.\
\
\'93i know he wasn\'92t the best communicator, but he thought about you a lot, henry. a lot.\'94 janet, to me. this was during the reception.\
\
what was i supposed to say? it seemed my quietness had commanded an ever-growing crowd of friends and family, all looking at me with increasingly lustful eyes, craving insight from the man\'92s only son. i looked down and saw that my hands were in my pockets. i was nothing but a store of information to these people. people i hadn\'92t seen since i couldn\'92t hide my gayness anymore. and now i felt more exposed than ever, embarrassed and shameful because there was not a single memory of pa i had that didn\'92t hurt. the corrupt egg dealer. the drill sergeant. the man with the hand.\
\
\'93he will be missed\'94 i said. }