{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15920\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 it\'92s not that the oven stopped working completely, but it was old and needed replacing. i mean, it was the same oven as when they bought the house 25 years ago, and the ovens these days are just so much more efficient. plus, with paul typically cooking all the family dinners, and generally preferring to cook with gas, it just made sense. they had the money, and now that the two older kids were off at college or mostly on their own it seemed like a good time. so they picked up the new oven. it had a digital display and a physical dial for setting the temperature. it heated up quicker and had a nicer sounding timer, too. the only drawback was the vent that had to hang over the stove - with the low ceilings it kind of blocked the view into the kitchen. plus, paul wasn\'92t even totally sure that the vent even worked. he held his hand under it, turning the vent on and and off and testing the pull on his skin. not much. he even tried cooking without the vent on. not much of a difference. at some point it would probably be good to get a new vent. cynthia was pretty happy with the purchase, but, not doing much cooking herself, was mostly unaffected.\
\
the other thing, too, though, was the counter tops. like the original oven, the counter tops were the same aqua plastic as when they moved in 25 years ago and they were just absolutely repulsive looking and really didn\'92t match the character of the rest of the house. plus, they did a really awful job of hiding spills and messes and had stains in various places. not big stains or anything, but it was a bit of a whack-a-mole type situation keeping them clean. so paul and cynthia agreed it was probably for the best that they replace the counters. they got those little squares with different patterns to get a good sense of their options and chose something on the lighter side. it was good to get the counters replaced. but truth be told - and this is not something paul would ever say out loud - but cynthia did share with the kids that she was pretty disappointed with the shade. a little too light. but certainly better than the ugly aqua plastic ones.\
\
but also, now that the older kids were out on their own, life in the small house was pretty quiet. cynthia remarked one night at dinner how they never really spent time in the living room. how they mostly ate in the kitchen and hung out in the kitchen, and how all that great space in the living room was being basically under utilized. paul had to agree. he asked if she remembered how, during the ice storm of \'9298, they had moved the tv into the living room and pulled out the couch and how the whole family (minus the youngest, not yet born) had slept in the living room for the course of the long storm and watched the winter olympics. how they kids had built forts out of the couch cushions and how much fun that whole situation had been, even though they were stuck at home. it was nice having the tv in the living room. so it just seemed to make sense to get another tv - a living room tv. the issue was where to mount it, since the room was such an awkwardly long shape and there was a fireplace directly in the middle of the wall.\
\
so what they decided to do was to build a bookshelf around the fireplace. they replaced the wood fireplace with an oil one and mounted the tv over it. the tv, when turned off, was supposed to appear like a mirror. they also got surround sound and set up faders on the lights. the construction process was pretty tight in the small room, and after everything was done the bookshelf did feel a bit overbearing. it was just such a small room and the bookshelf, even though it was painted white (an attempt to mask its size) was quite imposing. also, the tv really didn\'92t look like much of a mirror when it was turned off. it looked more like a hazy tv. either way, it was a good project because they ended up spending a lot more time in the living room.\
\
one day when paul got home from work he noticed that the kitchen floors were looking pretty worn. he asked cynthia if she could even remember the last time they\'92d had the floors done. she couldn\'92t. paul said he couldn\'92t either. it must have been when harry and quentin were still living with them. so, like, at least five years - maybe more. so they hired someone to redo the floors. which, that ended up being a bit more of an ordeal than they expected it was going to be because after the finish was put down the floors started bubbling. literally bubbling. paul called up the company and explained the situation and they were super apologetic and said that that\'92s just something that happens sometimes, and that they\'92d send someone back over right away to redo the floors - at no extra cost, of course. cindy was pretty furious about this. paul was glad she wasn\'92t home when the flooring people showed up to fix the mess.\
\
the kitchen and living room were looking pretty good by this point, but the home improvement on the first floor certainly made it obvious just how untended the second floor was. the contrast was stark, frankly. so paul got the gears turning and in a few months the three bedrooms and the bathroom were completely redone. they also got a new mattress and new bedding and a new tv for their room. in the end, things were looking pretty good.\
\
but, back on the first floor now, paul did feel like it was time to address the elephant in the room. which was that for years they\'92d been complaining about the layout of the kitchen/dining room/bathroom/front closet area - how cramped the dining room was and how extended the kitchen was and how awkwardly placed the bathroom was and how excessively large the closet was. these were things they\'92d been complaining about for years. so paul ran it by cindy and she agreed. they lived in a really small house, but with the rooms arranged better they could certainly make it feel larger and more comfortable. their small house, which felt claustrophobic, could be made to feel snuggly. it just seemed to make sense.\
\
so they hired an architect and, since summer was approaching anyways, a landscape architect as well. the old brick walkway that paul had put together a decade ago was all lumpy and ugly by this point and a group of professionals could certainly spruce up the place. plus, they still had that ugly patch of tarmac in the backyard for no reason. it just seemed like the appropriate time to finally rip that up and replace it with more sightly stone.\
\
 \
\
\
}