{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh12620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 sirikhit still dictates her own life, which she fills with music of her own design. there is a grandchild in every octave and always at least one in the house. in the early morning they help her to the piano where motionless her ass sits as she composes up to the point that she\'92s torn away to bed by offspring who couldn\'92t possibly stay awake any longer.\
\
it\'92s a long process to bring her to bed. first there\'92s a verbal warning \'91round 11 that bedtime is near, followed by another warning at 12 that there will be only one more warning, and then the final warning around 12:30 - depending on how generous the grandkid is feeling.\
\
her oldest grandchild is henry, who\'92s nearly thirty. sirikhit wants to live long enough to hear him tell her that his girlfriend is pregnant with their first child, which is something that no one technically knows about other than marie, who\'92s honestly freaked out about the whole thing. sirikhit just happens to have the wisdom and perceptivity to tune into that reality.\
\
henry gently cups her brittle legs. they\'92re skinny in a way that only atrophied limbs could be, and they meet her feet in a colossal bulge of arthritis. her ankles have been stuck between 95 and 105 degrees for a couple decades, but she was still walking on them up until meeting a patch of ice a couple years ago. (her last experience ever slipping on ice)\
\
she\'92s smoothly swung by henry \'91round the piano bench and then lifted in an embrace that ends with her in her wheelchair.\
\
in the bedroom claudia is nearly finished putting fresh sheets on her bed. it\'92s imperative that the bedding be stripped and washed every morning because sirikhit\'92s got a weak bladder and an unsympathetic colostomy bag. as a matter of fact, it was the bedroom stench that initially got the family into the nightly routine of caring for her.\
\
by most accounts, of the grandchildren claudia is the most like her grandmother (and her mother, most like her mother). she\'92s studying composition and hoping to write film scores once she gets out of school - a bit of a stylistic departure from sirikhit\'92s \'93revolving parallelogram\'94 approach, yet to be appreciated.\
\
henry slides open the door to the bathroom and parks the wheelchair by the window so that his grandmother can listen for the owls. he prepares her toothbrush by wetting and pasting it and then passes it off to her. she\'92s thankful. henry\'92s parents were addicted to opiates for most of his childhood, which meant that he spent most of his time living at grandma and grandpa\'92s, so this whole situation of him standing at the sink and passing the prepped toothbrush to this tiny and dependent person is a bit of a trip for both of them.\
\
henry next hands her her eyedrops. sirikhit lost nearly all of her vision in her right eye after a botched cataract removal. the young dr after surgery: \'91i think it turned out just fine!\'92 a year\'92s use of the drops have brought her vision back to the point where she can discern changes in light, but everyone recognizes that this pace of recovery means she\'92ll never truly be able to see again from both eyes.\
\
when claudia enters the bathroom she\'92s smiling and saying how great the music sounded tonight. she asks questions about the new piece as she and henry lift aged flesh and fragile bones to the toilet. claudia\'92s typically pretty garrulous, but is especially so when she\'92s emptying the colostomy bag. it\'92s evident that this still freaks her out, even though she\'92s always the one to volunteer to take care of it.\
\
after her body is lifted off the toilet, it\'92s wheeled into the bedroom and perched on the side of the bed. henry and claudia go to work replacing her daytime clothes with her nighttime clothes, then help ease her octogenarian\'92s head to the pillow. she kisses both of them goodnight and says, \'91i love you, i love you.\'92\
\
but here is where henry turns off the lights and claudia leaves the room and henry shuts the door and suddenly there\'92s the sound of terrible agony. the door is swung back open, the lights are thrown back on, and sirikhit is on display, her arms writhing wildly in the air above her, eyes fucked wide and moaning. claudia\'92s already on her phone calling for the ambulance and henry\'92s already at the bed, shocked and unsure about what he should do and if it\'92s safe to even touch his grandmother.\
\
the commotion has also stirred julia, who\'92d been sleeping on the other side of the wall. she enters the room and finds her sister and her cousin both shouting at phones. this place is about to get busy. meanwhile, the room is absolutely trilling with the shrieks of sirikhit, whose vibration is clearly crescendoing. jules jumps on the bed and hugs her grandmother, which catches henry\'92s attention in a negative way, but he\'92s on the phone with his mom and telling her just how much she needs to be here, asap, because the sounds coming from this old woman\'92s body are entering a realm beyond medicine.\
\
the ambulance\'92s siren barely cuts through as it\'92s parked on the lawn. the emts rush in and grab sirikhit\'92s body under cosmic duress and brisk her and the grandchildren into the back of the ambulance. once settled, the emts go to work sedating the poor woman. each grandchild is given a talisman and instructed to hold it above the seismic activity before them. grips are tight and quivering and silent tears are appearing on the cheeks of henry and julia, while claudia\'92s face is pure determination.\
\
in unison the sedation begins: \'93stay with us mother dear, we\'92re destitute without you. stay with us mother dear, we\'92re nothing if not for you.\'94 this gets repeated to the point of semantic satiation, and each repetition brings a marked decrease in the velocity and frequency of sirikhit\'92s rupturing/screaming, as if time itself is being dialed down. when the ambulance arrives at the hospital sirikhit\'92s arms are twirling at a rate of 0.5 rpm and her voice has dropped an octave and a half - a distinct enough change that the average heart rate inside the ambulance has fallen to just above 100 bpm. henry wipes his brow. julia ties her hair back.\
\
with sirikhit in the icu, a doctor meets with the family, which has now grown to include claudia/jules\'92 parents and henry\'92s mom and siblings, gerald and christine. more are on the way.\
\
the doctor, who\'92s an older guy with a gentle smile, explains the situation in an expertly sterile/emotional way: sirikhit\'92s body is attempting to transition her into death, but they\'92re going to do everything than can to keep her with us. he assures the family that the staff here is one of the most didactic in the country and they\'92re gonna give it their all.\
\
the icu is dark.\
\
\'93sirikhit. sirikhit. can you hear me?\'94\
\
her eyes do a full roll before settling in the direction of the voice, centered right between her perfectly vertical arms.\
\
deeply, \'93yes.\'94\
\
\'93that\'92s great. sirikhit, you\'92ve had a tough night but we\'92re gonna help you through it, ok? i just need for you to hold in there for me. can you do that? can you do that for me, sirikhit?\'94\
\
deeply, \'93yes.\'94\
\
\'93that\'92s great, thank you sirikhit, thank you. sirikhit, can i ask you a question that will help us know where to begin? sirikhit, do you believe in god?\'94\
\
sirikhit can\'92t believe she\'92s back in the icu and going through this song and dance yet again, but she answers in the same way as she has the past couple times. croaking:\
\
\'93it\'92s a complicated answer.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}