{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19040\viewh14420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 sober enough to want to get high. that\'92s my state. sitting on the couch, watching mtv with my daughter on my lap, drinking no-pulp oj because that\'92s what the kids insist on. third wife in the kitchen, cooking and pregnant. my daughter\'92s five. the beastie boys are licensed\'85 to\'85 ill\'85 she\'92s chewing on her fingers.\
\
the damp odor. the damn pounding door. i normally wait to take the 1am train out, to cop and get high while the kids are asleep. not that i have an illusions about them not knowing. it\'92s a shame thing. but the damn door is pounding and the sound is just fucking rattling off the walls of my sober skull. who else but me could answer it?\
\
so i open the door. pop off. grab the angel\'92s hand and believe her when she says we\'92ve got places to go.\
\
the 1am train really doesn\'92t have to run. for one thing there\'92s not many people who take it, but more importantly it\'92s the types of people who take it - there\'92s never any good reason for anyone to be riding around that late at night. not on a weeknight. not in the suburbs. the conductor\'92s chasing down this twisted-neck kid who\'92s on so much speed i think his teeth might shatter. the kid\'92s pacing the aisles, looking like he\'92s got to urgently be 
\i somewhere
\i0 , if that 
\i somewhere
\i0  would only stop chasing him. he asks this black woman if he can borrow her cell phone. he\'92s gotta make a call. she\'92s not understanding. \'93fuck!\'94 he screams. pacing between cars.\
\
i know this conductor well, though we\'92ve never spoken. i hand him my expired ten-ride pass and he inspects it diligently for a moment, then punches it over one of the previous punches. he\'92s a youngish guy, probably 30 or something. i imagine his name is dave. there\'92s a certain flavor of sadness that seems to follow him around but i have the hardest time figuring out why i feel that way. maybe it\'92s because he\'92s so outwardly a-emotional. or maybe it\'92s the way, after he\'92s finished (not) collecting tickets, he always goes and sits across from this young hispanic guy in checkered pants. asks him how the chef job is going. asks how the wife and kids are holding up. and then listens.\
\
the angel hands him her ticket. it\'92s a one way. but he pretends to miss her and is already down the aisle. the angel thanks me for coming with her and i thank her for inviting me. we sit in silence under the needles of the fluorescents. the air creaks. when the train stops at a platform the vacancy of people is so palpable that i forget whether i\'92m on the train or off.\
\
dave\'92s caught the speed kid by this point. normally he lets that shit go, but this kid had climbed out of the car and onto the engine and that really is the limit. the way that dave gets him off the train is he puts one hand on the kid\'92s back, fingers spread wide, and flutters him away. i have done enough amphetamines to not understand the appeal. definitely i don\'92t understand how people can go mental over them. when i get high, it\'92s so i can stop thinking about things. speed just amps everything up. \
\
we get off the train at north station. skulk down the length of the platform alongside all the other rails and whales because at 1am no one is normal sized. the angel\'92s name is sal. she asks me \'93do you want to get better?\'94 i pull the belt tight around my arm and slap the crook of my elbow. \'93yes\'94\
\
\'93welcome home,\'94 she says, and drops the house in my spoon.\
\
}