{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Upstart\
We\'92re saving the world,\
One startup at a time ;)\
\
At upstart we know there\'92s no problem a startup can\'92t solve. That\'92s why we\'92re innovating on the startup model itself by becoming\'85 the 
\i startup startup
\i0 . We want to disrupt the startup sphere in the same way that Netflix disrupted television and Uber disrupted taxis - a better world depends on it.\
\
Here\'92s how it works. Most startups have all the same ingredients: they\'92re lead by a passionate, intelligent man; they\'92ve got a group of scrappy guys willing to put in the extra man-hours to pump out a great product; and they\'92re supported by some of the most forward-thinking, passionate men around. Men who want to change the world. It\'92s the model that produced Amazon and eBay, and it works - but it\'92s flawed. What we\'92re doing is iterating on the design with an innovative new approach that will blow your mind.\
\
Upstart starts startups, and we are own first customer. In the same way that Github is self-hosting, so too are we self-starting our startup startup. We believe in the value of recursion because because because because because because because because because because because because because because because because because\
\
So spread the word! Together we can save the world, one innovation at a time.}