{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh11480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \'93temporally closed\'94 says susan, reading the handwritten goodwill sign across the street. she chuckles and points it out. jim doesn\'92t have to put any effort into ignoring the observation. to him, this is the standard operating procedure for when she\'92s got something on her mind that she doesn\'92t want to express. it drives him nuts. to her, this is how she buys time to collect her thoughts so as to say what she means. \
\
the actual subject at hand - the one that sue\'92s either avoiding or delaying talking about - is about where to eat. it\'92s the type of conversation that bristles with exciting possibilities at the beginning of a relationship when you\'92re setting up dates, and which probably signifies the ending of a relationship when it\'92s as difficult a task as these two have made it. the subtext is obvious. as is the non-acknowledgement of the subtext. they\'92re speaking in a code they both know, and which they know they know. it\'92s driving them crazy.\
\
a man who looks like a softer and lost version of philip seymour hoffman passes by their bench. he\'92s on an obvious date. and in the split second he\'92s in earshot he can be heard saying, \'91\'85just a nice breezy spring day. in february.\'92 \
\
it is warm. something like 50 degrees. and the unseasonable hospitality afforded by the temperature has brought out much of somerville, especially the youth, including sue and jim. what they\'92d said before leaving the apartment was how great it was going to be to interrupt the netflix binges and foodler deliveries with something substantive and real: life outside the apartment. it wasn\'92t healthy to surrender so easily to the draw of their comfortable introverted cave. sure, a little bit here and there can be fine, but it\'92s important to maintain a balance. it\'92s so easy when you\'92re in a relationship to just not go out. and then where does that leave you if the relationship ends? (not that it\'92s going to, but the best way to gauge the health of a relationship is how easily you could reintegrate into life without your significant other). you\'92ve lost contact with all your friends and you\'92ve forgotten how to go out and get dates and, like, interact with the rest of the world. you don\'92t know how to handle your body, which is confused and uncomfortable because it\'92s not sandwiched between corduroy covers and a serta mattress. you\'92re lost. lost and knowing it.\
\
the reason for the argument over where to eat is that they just ate. like, less than an hour ago. jim had gotten pancakes and sue had gotten a salad. which, the salad itself was a huge ordeal because they were eating at renee\'92s, which is a typical american diner with a small menu and a waitstaff that remembers somerville before gentrification. renee\'92s serves eggs and pancakes and not much else, and definitely not salads. but sue scours the menu, inventorying every ingredient in the meal options and making a case for the chefs to \'91just throw some veggies together.\'92 the place is packed. and throbbing. there\'92s a line out the door. jim can\'92t tell if the server has a legitimate facial tic or if she is, as he imagines, mentally weighing the pros and cons of an assault charge.\
\
regardless, the server returns with the ok from the chefs. \'91do you want anything on those? butter or\'85 i don\'92t know, salt and pepper or anything?\'92\
\
\'91um, no thanks!\'92\
\
\'91nothing? do you want us to grill those up?\'92\
\
\'91um, no. no thanks.\'92\
\
\'91ok, so you just want a bowl of vegetables, raw. that\'92s what you want. raw vegetables. no butter. no salt. no pepper. just vegetables.\'92 \
\
\'91um. yep. i hope that\'92s ok.\'92\
\
the server writes it down and sighs like she\'92s sentencing someone to a death she\'92s frankly ok with. then she does that thing where she just looks at jim instead of verbally asking him what he wants. he can\'92t order apple cinnamon pancakes fast enough to fix the situation. the menus get yanked away.\
\
and now, less than an hour later, and in the world\'92s most predictable turn of events ever, susan\'92s hungry again. at home this is easy: she can microwave one of several dozen frozen vegan enchiladas and finish off the meal with one, two, or three granny smith apples, peeled, sliced, and cored. and while the eating process is playing out in the kitchen, jim can pause netflix and catch up on Facebook. they can, through doorways, hear the sounds of their silence and ignore the mutual feeling that sue should take her time.\
\
eating out is a treat. they don\'92t have a lot of money. and, as the argument climaxes, sue stands up and heads in the direction of their apartment. she\'92s wearing heels. it\'92s never this warm in february. it\'92s not until after crossing the intersection that she remembers jimmy has the apartment keys. she\'92s definitely too pissed to turn around. in direct sunlight it actually feels hot. jim watches her walking away. he waits until he thinks she thinks he\'92s not going to follow her, and then follows her.\
\
susie steps her capable body through pedestrians and melting snow. she looks people directly in the eye when she passes them, smiling if they dare to look back. \'93temporally closed\'94 bounces around her skull like an unseatbelted passenger. she knows exactly when jim will begin following her. she\'92s not going to give him the satisfaction of looking back. halfway to teele, the sky rumbles and the people turn to glass.\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
}