{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25540\viewh16200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 naw, it\'92s nothing i haven\'92t seen before. i used to get tumors from age 13 to 26 pretty regularly, sometimes more regularly than not. it bothered me at first a whole lot because the removal was this whole ordeal. my dad would take me to the toolshed and he\'92d take out his plane and he\'92d slice the dang things off, and they\'92d fall to the floor and collect into neat piles of fleshy discs. \
\
actually the first couple times we removed them we used an electric sander. dad would plug the thing in and, I can\'92t remember exactly the details of this, but basically in order to turn the sander on we had to turn the shed\'92s lights off. i think he wired the shed himself. so we\'92d be sitting there in the dark and dad would press the vibrating paper to my bulbous sacs and he\'92d work them down til they were flush with the rest of my flesh and then we\'92d clean up and join the rest of the family for dinner.\
\
but yeah, the plane was this awesome discovery. since it didn\'92t require electricity we could work under the fluorescents, and it was just so much more efficient than the sander. i guess it hurt a bit more, but dad would tell these great stories to offset the pain. one particular story he ended up repeating a whole bunch - probably because he always had to get drunk before donning his surgeon\'92s scrubs - but i never interrupted him because the story was just so great.\
\
but actually i can\'92t remember the story right now tho. oops!\
\
the point is, though, i was getting these tumors all the time. the bad ones got to be the size of a golfball, but the worst ones got to be as big as a grapefruit. the bigger ones were kind of funny because you could squeeze them and they\'92d secrete this gauzy kind of pus that you could play with. my siblings used to love it. they called it tumor-goo. they\'92d even beg dad to let the bigger ones be for a bit so they could collect enough tumor-goo to finish this goo-castle they were making.\
\
the castle was actually really impressive. what was cool about the tumor-goo was that it would harden in about an hour unless you refrigerated it, and when it was about halfway between fresh and hard it acted a whole lot like clay.  mom appreciated that because it meant she didn\'92t have to make nearly as many trips to the clay fields like all the other moms. the whole thing got to be really big. it started as a sort of sandcastle - just kind of small and improvised - but when my siblings finally grasped the sheer quantity of tumor-goo that would be coming their way they got serious and actually planned everything out. the original \'93sand\'94castle became this centerpiece on a table inside of a kitchen inside of the king\'92s keep. they even made a pretty convincing wax figure of a king, except made out of goo of course. I thought it was great.\
\
and honestly, even though i partly felt like it was my duty as the older sister to support my siblings\'92 creative pursuits, i really was impressed by their resourcefulness. most kids were playing with legos and dolls, but my little brothers and sisters were drafting blueprints and running auto-cad and solving fluid dynamic problems. it was nuts. dang, the looks on their faces when dad would finally cave and strip off my goo-tumors \'97 i don\'92t think i\'92ve seen such sadness since!\
\
but so what you have to understand is that this really is nothing new. these things were popping up all over me for a good chunk of my life, and just because it\'92s been a decade or two since i got my last one doesn\'92t mean i feel alarmed to see a new one now. in a weird way it kind of feels nostalgic.\
\
also, it\'92s not very big. if you just hand me the knife for a second - no, really, I really mean it - here, watch this: do you see how easily this top layer comes off? in a way i kind of hope these things actually are cancerous because in my mind that really just means i\'92m immune to cancer. ok. are you watching this? i know it sounds bizarre, but look carefully at what this second layer reveals. my dad and i always loved this part. do you see that green spot? take your glove off and press it with your index finger. yeah - no, you really do have to take your glove off - it won\'92t work unless you put bare skin to tumor.\
\
uhh uhhhhhhhggggg hhhhh hhhhhhuuuuuu hhoooo huw huw huw huw - okokok wait! - now, remove your finger and take a single deep breath, hold it deep in your lungs for 3 seconds, exhale, and press again but harder. ready? inhale. one mississippi. two mississippi. three mississippi. ok, now exhale and press about twice as hard as you were pressing before - huuuuuuuu huh huuuuuu uggggghh uh wuh wuh huh wow wow woooooooow - ok - ok - ok - ok - now take your finger off, walk over to that light and hold it up.\
\
what\'92re you seeing? i could tell you what my dad used to see but i don\'92t want to color your perception - you\'92re only the second person i\'92ve done this with and i\'92m curious if it\'92s different for every person. \
\
but actually never mind. i\'92m watching you now and I\'92m seeing how you\'92re feeling. you don\'92t have to tell me if you don\'92t want to. or actually, i think it\'92s better if you don\'92t. i\'92m sorry if this ended up being kind of intense for you. it\'92s ok if you need to step out for a second. I\'92m just going to pick up the knife again and get the rest of this thing off.\
}