{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 DALE: i gotta tell you, it was the strangest thing. it was a totally normal morning. i was just on my way to work, probably feeling pretty tired and not too pumped about the day, and as soon as i stepped off the train it was like getting hit straight across the face. violins. i must have spun around a couple times trying to pinpoint the sound - it didn\'92t echo like you\'92d expect from a subway platform & it didn\'92t sound recorded. just clear as if being played through some fine headphones: hundreds of violins. man, i was so confused i even swear i forgot i was for a few seconds. and then i noticed that no one else was hearing it. like, they were just mulling about, going about their day like it was any other. and i\'92m just standing there, violins blasting. i was like, \'93what the fuck is this. am i going crazy\'94\
\
all day long i was hearing violins. we were interviewing a candidate at work and i felt so bad but I kept having to ask the chick to repeat herself. i think she started to think i was playing with her because she was mexican or some shit and had this kinda thick accent. i eventually had to stop the interview, said i was sorry and that we\'92d have to reschedule. told her i was feeling sick. and i\'92m telling you, i just ran home. i don\'92t know much about music, but the violins were doing this intense dit-dit-dit thing, really quick and really really loud.\
\
but so i got home and i took a shower, cleaned out my ears, drank some tea, drank some whiskey, banged my head against the wall here. nothing. the violins just kept chugging on and on in these huge swells. it was like my body and my head were in two places at the same time.\
\
i ended up drinking a lot. just sat in the kitchen with the handle of whiskey and drank until i blacked out. the next morning the violins were gone. it\'92s like they left in the same exact way that they came in - out of nowhere and without any reason.\
\
well i was fuckin confused. all i could think to do was keep going about my regular life. i mean what was i supposed to do? so i drank a couple cups off coffee to try to get the hangover under control and went back to work. but i couldn\'92t focus. i just kept thinking about what had happened. it had to mean something! i even put on some classical music to see if\'85 i don\'92t know\'85 to see if it could tell me something? but it wasn\'92t until i was walking home that it hit me. see, there\'92s this music store right on elm street and they sell used instruments. and i can\'92t even tell you- when i saw the store everything became totally clear. this was my calling.\
\
SANDY: damn dude. so you\'92ve been playing?\
\
DALE: ha, no. as soon as i put the bow to the neck this string here snapped and i haven\'92t had the time to go out and buy new strings. it\'92s been like a week or two.\
\
SANDY: \
}